datetime,headline,summary,related,lang,source
2020-03-23 02:31:54-05:00,"FM rolls back NRI tax, restricts levy only on their income generated in India","New Delhi: In a big relief to the Non-Resident Indian community, the government has decided to restrict taxation only to the income generated by them from businesses in India, leaving their global income out of any levy. Moreover, taxes would need to be paid only on income of above Rs 15 lakhs. The changes formed part of the amendments in the Finance Bill, 2020 proposed by Finance Minister in Parliament. The Lok Sabha passed the Finance Bill on Monday by voice vote without discussion. Among the other changes introduced by Sitharaman in the Finance Bill includes a clarification that shareholders will have no tax liability if the company issuing the dividend has paid the DDT before April 1 but the shareholder received the dividend afterwards. The budget proposal for taxing dividends in the hands of shareholders by abolishing the dividend distribution tax (DDT) has, however, been retained. Further, the TDS rate on payment of dividend to non-resident and foreign company has been prescribed at 20 per cent.",DDT,en,Sify.com
2020-03-16 06:56:38-05:00,Budget should spur AI use in economy: IT sector,"Bengaluru: With disruptive technologies like Artificial Intelligence (AI) driving businesses, the IT sector wants the Union Budget for fiscal 2020-21 to ensure greater use of these to spur a sluggish economy among other measures for the sector, industry experts said on Friday. ""The budget should announce a fund like Singapore's Temasek that will invest only in early-stage Indian AI start-ups and lower long-term capital gain's tax for investing in AI-based firms,"" digital intelligence firm Germin8 founder chief executive Ranjit Nair told IANS. With the US and China racing ahead of India in AI research, AI entrepreneurship and government investment in AI, he said the budget should make it easier for start-ups to access capital, as they face an uphill task in early-stage funding. ""The government bring policies that encourage AI companies. Ease of doing business means less bureaucracy so that entrepreneurs can build solutions without distractions,"" he said. AI is expected to have a huge impact not only in commerce, but also in health, national security, cybersecurity, food security, education and global warming. ""The government should announce AI challenges, which make academia and industry solve an important problem in the country.",DDT,en,Sify.com
2020-03-10 21:07:18-05:00,Big local investors: Govt may halve dividend I-T rate,"Mumbai: The government may consider effectively halving the tax rate on dividend income for individuals in the highest tax bracket, two people familiar with the development said, likely boosting stocks that are facing a rout globally.The government is looking to tweak the current regulations to bring down the tax on dividends to about 20% from up to 43% for Indian individual investors. The government may offer the concession by offering a flat 20% tax on dividend income.After a change in the budget, dividend income is now taxable up to 43% in the hands of the recipient from April this year.Foreign companies, on the other hand, would have to pay anywhere around 5% to 15% tax on dividends depending on the tax treaty that India has with the country from where the investment is routed.The government has reached out to some of the senior revenue officials, prominent mutual funds, tax advisors and lawyers to take their suggestions. Several investor associations and even some prominent investors had asked the government to change this anomaly that favoured foreign investors over their Indian counterparts.“There is a difference of 22% between tax on dividends paid by a foreign company and by an Indian promoter and this has led to a situation where domestic companies are rushing to pay dividends before April.",DDT,en,The Economic Times India
2020-03-04 05:20:48-05:00,Dividend Distribution Tax: How you can benefit from the removal of DDT,One major change which will impact investors post 1st April 2020 is the removal of Dividend Distribution Tax (DDT) for dividends paid out by Indian corporates.,DDT,en,The Financial Express
2020-02-17 20:37:39-05:00,MNCs scrutinising tax treaties to gauge DDT outgo,"MUMBAI: Multinational companies in India have reached out to their tax advisers seeking to know the exact tax payable on dividends under existing tax treaties and if the status of most favoured nation would lead to additional benefits.Several persons in the know said multinationals are analysing the total tax on the dividends with respect to the tax treaties and the most favoured nation status of the source country. Many would now fall back on the tax treaties and could be looking to postpone their dividend payouts till April this year.Under most tax treaties India has with other countries, multinationals will be liable to pay 5% to 15% tax on dividends against 20% earlier. However, multinationals from countries such as Switzerland and France will even get to set off additional 5% tax against liabilities in their home country.“Following the recent changes in the budget around dividends, most multinationals would look to give dividends after March end as that would mean tax of anywhere between 5-15% depending on the tax treaty.",DDT,en,The Economic Times India
2020-02-17 13:39:50-05:00,Dividend tax on REITs/InvITs unit holders: FM Sitharaman says weighing concerns,"Expert said that with the change in the dividend distribution tax (DDT), the foreign investors in REITs/InvITs were at a disadvantage now.",DDT,en,The Financial Express
2020-02-07 06:20:43-05:00,"A tale of two FMCG shares: One you should buy, and one you should hold after Budget; check target prices","HUL stands to gain from a rise in rural incomes, given its reliance on sales within the country. Further, the government has also proposed to do away with Dividend Distribution Tax (DDT) from the company level which is likely to benefit the MNC share.",DDT,en,The Financial Express
2020-02-07 04:54:08-05:00,"With Tax on Dividends, The Choice between Growth and Dividend?","The Union Budget 2020 changed the way how dividends from mutual funds will be taxed. The following are the changes. Till FY 2020, dividend from mutual funds was exempt from tax in the hands of the investor. However, before paying the dividend to you, AMCs used to deduct Dividend Distribution Tax (DDT) before paying such […] The post With Tax on Dividends, The Choice between Growth and Dividend? appeared first on Personal Finance Plan .",DDT,en,Personal Finance Plan
2020-02-04 10:09:36-05:00,"10% TDS applicable only on MF dividends, clarifies government","Offering a clarification, the Central Board of Direct Taxes today said that Mutual Fund shall be required to deduct TDS @ 10% only on dividend payment and no tax shall be required to be deducted by the Mutual Fund on income which is in the nature of capital gains. This offers clarity from the tax department on whether the budget proposal asking asset managers to deduct taxes on “income” made by investors in schemes would extend to capital gains as well.The budget introduced TDS for mutual funds. Currently, the onus of declaring capital gains for taxation lies with the investor or unitholders. Only banks and companies deduct tax on interest earned from deposits before passing on the rest of the income to holders. Dividends distributed by mutual funds would become subject to 10 per cent TDS from the next financial year. The clarification read this:The Finance Bill, 2020 proposed to remove Dividend Distribution Tax (DDT) at the level of Company/ Mutual Fund and proposed to tax the same in the hands of share/unit holder.",DDT,en,The Economic Times India
2020-02-03 03:25:51-05:00,"Market LIVE: Sensex, Nifty muted, Nestle India, HUL top gainers as government announces to abolish DDT",Shares of multinational companies (MNCs) were trading higher as the government announced to abolish the Dividend Distribution Tax (DDT) from company level,DDT,en,The Financial Express
2020-02-02 03:32:40-05:00,"Indian budget will attract more FDI, say US industry leaders","Welcoming the budget, the US-India Business Council (USIBC) said that abolition of the dividend distribution tax (DDT) removes a major disincentive to foreign companies seeking to set up operations in India.",DDT,en,Hindustan Times
2020-02-01 23:22:39-05:00,Mutual funds' dividend plans may go out of favour,"The budget proposed scrapping dividend distribution tax (DDT) that used to be paid by companies. Earlier, a mutual fund scheme had to pay a dividend distribution tax after which the payout was made to its unitholders.",DDT,en,The Economic Times India
2020-02-01 21:26:32-05:00,Sitharaman leaves the NRIs and the rich poorer,"MUMBAI: Indians in Dubai and other tax havens who do not pay income tax, rich local investors and people drawing fat salaries will have to fork out more tax. While a person with an annual salary of Rs 15 lakh can save up to Rs 78,000 under a new optional regime of ‘lower tax without incentives’, professionals who have settled abroad and members of business families who escape tax on overseas income by getting an ‘NRI’ tag will find the going tougher.And while the new regime may lure many in the Rs 5-15 lakh bracket, most with higher salaries may prefer paying old tax rates and continue to claim deductions like rent allowance and mediclaim premium to reduce taxable income.For years, well-heeled Indians have been carefully dividing time in India and abroad to lower tax outgo. A resident could attain NRI status — and pay no tax on foreign income — by staying abroad for more than 182 days. From now on, they will have to spend at least 240 days abroad to be an NRI. Armed with this rule, the taxman will go after these ‘stateless persons’ — individuals who arrange their affairs in such a way that they pay no tax in any country.“Crew of merchant vessels, non-domiciled Indians in the UK who have no tax liability there, and Indians employed in Singapore having offshore income in Hong Kong will now have to pay tax,” said Mitil Chokshi, partner at Chokshi & Chokshi, a tax consultancy.Need to Examine Options“It’s harsh and some NRIs may probably surrender their citizenship,” said Mitil Chokshi.Faced with a strident tax office and harsh laws against money laundering and benami deals, many Indian businessmen have relocated to other jurisdictions with easier tax laws.",DDT,en,The Economic Times India
2020-02-01 03:37:21-05:00,Budget 2020: Dividend Distribution Tax (DDT) to be abolished – Will it help?,Budget 2020: Dividend Distribution Tax (DDT) to be abolished – Will it help?,DDT,en,The Financial Express
2020-02-01 03:21:46-05:00,Dividend Distribution Tax To Be Removed,Finance Minister Nirmala Sitharaman said at the Union Budget 2020-21 presentation that the Dividend Distribution Tax (DDT) will not be required to be paid by companies. Tax rules will be tweaked to make it dividend taxable in the hands of the,DDT,en,Goodreturns
2020-01-31 22:17:40-05:00,"Budget booster likely for capital gains on property, equity","NEW DELHI: In what is being billed as a make or break Budget to revive the economy, the Modi government is likely to introduce heavy duty measures for rationalisation of key equity taxes, including scrapping capital gains on sale of property, shifting tax applicability of dividend distribution tax (DDT) to the receiver and extending the timeline of long-term capital capital gains (LTCG) tax from the current 12 months to 24 months.The breakthrough measure, if it materialises, will be doing away with capital gains on sale of property. The move has the potential to revive the real estate sector, which is in the doldrums and facing immense stress.The government is considering a proposal to do away with capital gains on selling property. Currently, one has to pay 30 per cent capital gains on the sale of a property, if the amount is not re-invested in property within 3 years.If property is sold within 24 months, one has to pay a short-term capital gains tax (STCG) on the gains as per an individual's income-tax slab.After 24 months, one has to pay an LTCG tax, which is charged at 20 per cent with indexation benefits.",DDT,en,The Economic Times India
2020-01-21 01:40:05-05:00,Budget 2020: Govt Likely To Tweak Dividend Distribution Tax Applicability,"In the upcoming Union Budget, the Finance Ministry is likely to announce changes to dividend distribution tax (DDT) and long-term capital gains (LTCG) tax on equity investments. According to CNBC-TV18 sources, the government is likely to change the applicability of",DDT,en,Goodreturns
2020-01-14 07:19:00-05:00,"Budget 2020: Reduce transaction costs to increase volumes, say commodity participants",The association also called for exemption of long-term capital gains on securities held for one or more years and changes in dividend distribution tax (DDT) to stop double taxation,DDT,en,Business Today
2020-01-12 12:59:11-05:00,What the govt exactly needs to do for the economy to grow,"Since the 1991 balance of payments (BoP) crisis, India has witnessed bouts of economic crisis — current account deficit, inflation, fiscal deficit, banking — of various magnitudes. For the first time in a generation, the country faces a different kind of crisis it’s not used to: a growth crisis. The National Statistical Office (NSO) has forecast an expansion of 5% for the current fiscal, an 11-year low. Depending on where one stands, this could not have come at a better or worse time. For policymakers, it’s a nightmare ahead of the budget. For lobbyists, it’s the right time to push their agenda.In keeping with pre-budget tradition, the beauty parade of industrialists, economists, investment managers and other experts has started in earnest. They have identified the cause of the problem and have solutions in hand.For the industry lobby, it is GST. So, the magic wand is lowering the tax rates so that goods and services become affordable. Economists would say GoI’s imprudent financial management that crowded out private investment is the root cause of all ills.Investment managers fixated on outperformance on returns from stocks and bonds have identified banks’ risk aversion in doling out loans to corporates and NBFCs as the Gordian Knot.",DDT,en,The Economic Times India
2019-11-02 23:45:59-05:00,The catch-22 in India's tax structure,"The stock markets think the government might abolish the dividend distribution tax (DDT) and let all dividends be taxed as plain additional income. Right now DDT plus cess and surcharge is around 20%. People earning dividends above Rs 10 lakh pay an additional 10%. So the rich pay 30% tax on dividends. Their peak income tax rate is much higher at 42.7%.DDT is paid by corporations, who after the proposed change will pay less tax. The government expects this will be more than offset by higher income tax from individuals receiving dividends. Some will cheer the end of tax breaks for dividends, aiming to soak the rich.Sorry, but history shows that the rich will devise strategies to nullify the soaking. So higher taxes on dividends — or capital gains — may not yield more revenue.A 2011 paper by Alan Reynolds reviewed changes in tax rates and revenue in the USA between 1979 (when rates were very high) and 2007 (by which time rates had been almost halved on income, dividends and capital gains).",DDT,en,The Economic Times India
2019-11-02 19:00:00-05:00,"India needs taxes high enough for revenue growth, low enough for investments",The stock markets think the government might abolish the dividend distribution tax (DDT) and let all dividends be taxed as plain additional income. Right now DDT plus cess and surcharge is around 20%. People earning…,DDT,en,The Times of India
2019-10-29 05:45:29-05:00,Dividend distribution tax explained in 5 points. This tax could be changed,Companies pay dividend distribution tax (DDT) on dividends distributed by them to their shareholders.The company declaring dividend deducts DDT before making the payment to shareholders,DDT,en,Mint
2019-09-23 20:13:27-05:00,India Inc puts capex plans on hold,"MUMBAI: Many companies have stopped expansion plans and are reaching out to tax experts after the corporate tax for new companies has been pegged at 15%. The reason being that instead of investing directly, if a separate entity is formed for the same investment, there could be a tax arbitrage of about 10%.Last Friday, FM Nirmala Sitharaman had announced the lowest corporate tax rate for new manufacturing units that begin production before March 31, 2023. The effective tax rate for such companies could be around 17%, including surcharge.Tax experts said most companies that have expansion plans, including the ones in pharma and engineering sectors, are evaluating setting up new entities to take advantage of the lower tax structure.“A 10% tax arbitrage is huge for any business, and several companies would be looking at creating new fully owned legal entities from where dividend can be received and dividend distribution tax (DDT) can be set off so there is no leakage of tax. As far as reconstructing of business is concerned, there is a Supreme Court order that defines what constitutes reconstructing of business and companies will have to create structures that don’t flout these norms,” said Dinesh Kanabar, CEO of tax consultancy Dhruva Advisors.Talks on with tax consultantsThe current regulations say that the new investment cannot be “restructuring”, but allow fresh capital expenditure through a new legal entity.",DDT,en,The Economic Times India
