datetime,headline,summary,related,lang,source
2020-04-18 04:00:07-05:00,Why these Quasar jets appear to travel faster than light,"Quasar jets imaged by the Earth Horizon Telescope (EHT) show galactic movements in unprecedented detail. Movements of vast quantities of gas, racing away from Quasar 3C 279 at speeds near the speed of light, reveal signs of a violent past. In 2019, the The Earth Horizon Telescope (EHT), a network of radio telescopes, released the first-ever image of the region surrounding a black hole. Now, astronomers examining data from this study focused their sights on a different object, a quasar named 3C 279. Jae-Young Kim from the Max Planck Institute for Radio Astronomy (MPIfR) in Bonn led a study examining the jet… This story continues at The Next Web",EHT,en,The Next Web
2020-04-04 10:03:43-05:00,The future of black hole images is bright,"This month marks the first anniversary of the image of the environment directly surrounding the black hole at the center of the M87 galaxy —captured by the Event Horizon Telescope (EHT). In the twelve months since this spectacular achievement, researchers have not rested on their laurels. Several teams have been hard at work imagining and theorizing ways to build a better black hole image. Just this week, as that anniversary approaches, researchers have published a study that promises to both improve the imaging of black holes but also increase the amount of information that can be derived from such images.… This story continues at The Next Web",EHT,en,The Next Web
2019-11-07 19:39:42-05:00,"Stocks to watch: EHT, SPH Reit, LMIRT, Genting, MoneyMax, MindChamps",: THE BUSINESS TIMES Stocks - THE following companies saw new developments that may affect trading of their securities on Friday: . Read more at The Business Times.,EHT,en,The Business Times
2019-09-05 18:31:00-05:00,The scientists who photographed a supermassive black hole for the first time just won a $3 million prize. Here's their groundbreaking image.,"Because black holes devour light, getting one on camera had proved nearly impossible until this year. A team of scientists released the first-ever photograph of a supermassive black hole in April. The image just earned them a $3 million Breakthrough Prize, which is sometimes referred to as the ""Oscars of Science."" Visit Business Insider's homepage for more. The heart of every major galaxy is thought to contain a supermassive black hole — a place where gravity is so strong that anything, including light, gets devoured. Like all black holes, supermassive ones form when stars collapse in on themselves at the end of their life cycles. On average, they're millions of times more massive than the sun. For years, scientists have struggled to capture a black hole on camera, since the absence of light renders them nearly impossible to see. But on April 10, a group of scientists from the international Event Horizon Telescope Collaboration released the first-ever photograph of a supermassive black hole to the public.",EHT,en,Business Insider
2019-04-10 13:03:00-05:00,The first-ever picture of a black hole is fuzzy. These incredible illustrations help explain what it shows.,"Scientists on Wednesday published the first picture of a black hole , which was put together using the Event Horizon Telescope . The radio-wave photo shows a supermassive black hole , its event horizon, and accretion disk at the center of galaxy Messier 87. Researchers expected the image to look ""fuzzy"" but say it's nonetheless awesome and unprecedented. Computer models help explain why the image looks the way it does, and why it's so exciting. Visit BusinessInsider.com for more stories. Nearly 235 years after black holes were first theorized to exist, scientists have taken the first-ever clear picture of one . The image shows a supermassive black hole at the center of ""supergiant"" galaxy called Messier 87, or M87. The black hole weighs about as much as 6.5 billion suns, and the shadow of its event horizon — where gravity is so strong not even light can travel fast enough to escape — stretches about 25 billion miles (40 billion kilometers) wide. That's more than three times the diameter of Pluto's orbit in our solar system. ""We're looking at a region that we've never looked at before — a region we cannot imagine being there.",EHT,en,Business Insider
2019-04-09 16:19:00-05:00,The first 'groundbreaking' pictures of a black hole may be unveiled on Wednesday. Here's what scientists think those images will look like.,"The Event Horizon Telescope , which endeavors to photograph black holes, is making a ""ground-breaking"" announcement on Wednesday. Scientists expect the announcement will unveil the first-ever pictures of a black hole 's ""shadow"" caused by its event horizon, or point-of-no-return for light. The images could be of the Milky Way's supermassive black hole, called Sagittarius A*, or an even larger black hole at the center of galaxy M87. Computer-simulated images offer a clue as to what to expect. Visit BusinessInsider.com for more stories. The first-ever pictures of a black hole will likely be unveiled on Wednesday morning. If you're anxious to know what those pictures might look like, astrophysicists say computer simulations offer a reasonable preview. Since 2006, radio telescopes around the globe have worked together to resolve dark, hulking, and important beasts that lurk at the centers of two different galaxies. Called the Event Horizon Telescope (EHT), the project's ultimate goal is baked into its name: take pictures of the event horizon , or point-of-no-return for a black hole. ""Just the mere fact of being able to see such a thing is awesome,"" Timothy Brandt, an astrophysicist at the University of California, Santa Barbara who studies black holes but is not part of the EHT collaboration, told Business Insider. ""I think we'll learn some things scientifically, and I think we'll learn more and more as time goes on.",EHT,en,Business Insider
