datetime,headline,summary,related,lang,source
2020-12-09 04:00:24-05:00,World’s largest maritime ships database joins fight against pirate fishing,"IHS Markit's extensive Sea-web database now highlights vessels with ties to illegal, unreported and unregulated fishing. This advancement was facilitated through a collaboration between IHS Markit and the non-profit organisations Oceana and Trygg Mat Tracking (TMT). Effective January, leading global business information provider IHS Markit will add information on illegal, unreported and unregulated (IUU) fishing to their Sea-web Ships database and their recently launched Maritime Intelligence Risk Suite . These platforms are subscribed to by over 27,000 users including marine equipment and insurance companies; ship owners, brokers, builders and managers; and port services and security, for a multitude of purposes including assessing and minimizing risk exposure. These businesses will now be able to easily check whether queried vessels have been formally identified by government authorities for their involvement in IUU fishing—an activity that is devastatingly harmful to the marine environment and is often linked to other maritime crimes.",INFO,en,IHS Markit
2020-12-08 13:29:47-05:00,Simon Fraser University students among beneficiaries as IHS Markit’s Canadian founder gives back,"Lance Uggla, after selling his company, creates scholarships at Simon Fraser and the London School of Economics.",INFO,en,The Star
2020-12-08 04:37:00-05:00,IHS Markit and MSCI strike risk analytics alliance,"IHS Markit has formed a strategic alliance with MSCI Inc. to integrate MSCI's portfolio and risk analytics capabilities with thinkFolio, the leading multi-asset class investment management platform.",INFO,en,Finextra Research
2020-12-07 00:11:42-05:00,IHS Markit delivers MSCI’s multi-asset class risk and performance analytics through thinkFolio,"IHS Markit has formed a strategic alliance with MSCI Inc. to integrate MSCI's portfolio and risk analytics capabilities with thinkFolio , the leading multi-asset class investment management platform. MSCI's analytics solutions help firms measure, decompose and understand absolute and relative portfolio risk across asset classes, spanning short, medium and long-term time horizons. With its open integration framework, IHS Markit's thinkFolio allows investment managers to incorporate proprietary and externally sourced models, analytics and data to support the unique demands of their investment and asset allocation processes. Going forward, mutual clients of both firms will be able to leverage MSCI's industry-leading analytics and multi-asset class factor modeling capabilities within thinkFolio's decision support and portfolio management workflows. The combination of thinkFolio's sophisticated portfolio modelling tools and MSCI's analytics and factor models will deliver enhanced capabilities for equity, fixed income and alternative asset class portfolio construction and predictive risk analyses.",INFO,en,IHS Markit
2020-12-06 13:26:07-05:00,"Engineering, auto firms roll out VRS","MUMBAI: Several leading manufacturers across sectors such as auto, ancillary, engineering, metals and mining are offering ‘voluntary separation’ to employees to streamline businesses at a time when they are operating at lower capacities amid the pandemic, and to bring in fresh talent when required.Some companies in the automotive sector such as truck maker Ashok Leyland, tyre manufacturer Apollo Tyres, and carmaker Toyota Kirloskar are among the latest to have offered voluntary retirement schemes to a section of their employees.Manufacturers such as Honda Cars, Bharat Forge, BMW and Thermax, too, have recently rolled out VRS schemes to improve their operational efficiencies and profitability, company executives said.Ashok Leyland, whose VRS scheme is currently ongoing, said it's more of a restructuring exercise. “The current landscape of the global pandemic provides scope for people to pursue flexible career opportunities and this will provide a window for the same,” said Balachandar NV, president – HR, communications and CSR, at Ashok Leyland.79600044Toyota Kirloskar launched a voluntary separation scheme in November for supervisory staff and workmen category. “The scheme is announced for members who wish to take up a career outside Toyota Kirloskar,” a company spokesperson said.",INFO,en,Economic Times India
2020-12-04 06:23:12-05:00,Renewable power in Eastern Europe: A decade of growth beckons in coal’s traditional heartlands,"Despite cautious positions on the energy transition adopted by certain governments in the region, the potential for growth in renewable power in Eastern Europe toward 2030 is significant. Even Poland - where the government has so far held off from agreeing to the EU's 2050 net-zero target - activity in the power sector itself gives cause for optimism. IHS Markit's planning case expects higher renewable capacity deployment than envisaged in the national targets of several countries as a result of government incentives, such as tenders. Approximately 8.3 GW of capacity is expected to be auctioned in Croatia, Hungary and Poland in the next 18 months, with Poland the single largest constituent with almost 6.5 GW. Largest opportunity is in Poland Poland is finalizing its national ""Energy Policy 2040"". Among the main targets are an aim for renewables to deliver 32% of final power demand by 2030. To meet this renewable ambition, Poland's plan expects an additional 3.6 - 5.6 GW of solar PV, an additional 2 - 3 GW of onshore wind, and a total of 5.9 GW of offshore wind to be installed by 2030.",INFO,en,IHS Markit
2020-12-04 03:48:20-05:00,UK PMI adds to signs of fourth quarter economic resilience amid second lockdown,"UK all-sector PMI at 49.5 in November, signalling modest downturn Service sector downturn offset by faster growth in manufacturing and construction Business optimism lifted by vaccine news, but temporary Brexit boost likely to fade next year UK PMI data showed encouraging resilience amid renewed COVID-19 lockdown measures in November, suggesting the economy is set for a far smaller hit to GDP in the fourth quarter than seen earlier in the year. The lighter nature of the lockdown, supportive external demand, improved confidence and a temporary Brexit boost have all helped alleviate the economic pain of the lockdown. Economy sees divergent trends The IHS Markit/CIPS PMI surveys showed service sector activity falling back into decline in November as a second lockdown to fight a resurgent wave of COVID-19 infections hit many businesses, especially consumer-facing firms in areas such as hospitality. More encouragingly, manufacturing and construction output continued to rise, and growth even accelerated slightly in both cases compared to that seen in October.",INFO,en,IHS Markit
2020-12-04 03:02:48-05:00,IMF and G-20 countries extend help to low-income countries,"The G20 countries (including China) have extended their support to low-income countries most affected by the impact of the coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) on 13 November 2020 and approved a historic common framework which will allow for the restructuring of government debt deemed unsustainable. This debt initiative will be in addition to the temporary external-debt freeze extension under the G-20 Debt Service Suspension Initiative (DSSI), which will end on 30 June 2021. Private creditors are urged to participate in this initiative, but it remains on a voluntary basis. On 28 September, the IMF approved a six-month extension of the temporary increase in the access limits of emerging financing instruments. The Rapid Financing Instrument (RFI) is available to all member countries, while the Rapid Credit Facility (RCF) is available to low-income countries eligible for concessional borrowing. The increase in access limits will apply until 6 April 2021. On 18 November, Mohammed al-Jadaan, the finance minister of Saudi Arabia, which holds the G20 presidency this year expressed his confidence that the group of nations and the IMF could soon agree on a new allocation of the fund's special drawing rights (SDRs). ""The SDR is an international reserve asset, created by the IMF in 1969 to supplement its member countries' official reserves,"" per IMF definition.",INFO,en,IHS Markit
2020-12-03 17:22:00-05:00,"IHS MARKIT INVESTOR ALERT By the Former Attorney General of Louisiana: Kahn Swick & Foti, LLC Investigates Adequacy of Price and Process in Proposed Sale of IHS Markit - INFO","NEW ORLEANS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Former Attorney General of Louisiana Charles C. Foti, Jr., Esq. and the law firm of Kahn Swick & Foti, LLC (“KSF”) are investigating the proposed sale of IHS Markit (NYSE: INFO) to S&P Global (NYSE: SPGI). Under the terms of the proposed transaction, shareholders of IHS will receive only 0.2838 shares of S&P for each share of IHS that they own. KSF is seeking to determine whether this consideration and the process that led to it are adequate, or whether",INFO,en,Business Wire
2020-12-03 14:19:07-05:00,"Inside the biggest M&A deal of 2020, where in-person meetings were key to establishing 'real trust' and hammering out a $44 billion all-stock acquisition","Summary List Placement Virtual dealmaking has become de rigueur in 2020, but when $44 billion is on the line, video calls can't always replace in-person meetings. Indeed, when top executives from S&P Global and IHS Markit were closing in on getting a deal over the line between the two firms, their respective execs agreed that a private, in-person meeting would help both firms' top brass to foster the trust and goodwill to push the transaction forward, according to two sources who spoke to Business Insider under the condition of anonymity to describe the firms' deal-making process. S&P Global's $44 billion all-stock deal to buy for IHS Markit, the largest acquisition of 2020, was given a push when the firms' CEOs — S&P's Douglas Peterson, and IHS Markit's Lance Uggla, accompanied by their respective deal-teams — met face-to-face in a rented boardroom in Connecticut, according to one source familiar with the situation. The meeting, which took place this fall, included precautionary measures from both parties in light of the coronavirus pandemic, both sources said.",INFO,en,Business Insider
2020-12-03 05:23:00-05:00,Konjunktur in Eurozone auf Schrumpfkurs,"Angesichts der Lockdown-Maßnahmen in vielen Euro-Ländern ist die Wirtschaftsleistung der Währungsunion im November erstmals seit fünf Monaten wieder geschrumpft. Dies signalisiert der am Donnerstag veröffentlichte finale Einkaufsmanagerindex von IHS Markit, der gegenüber Oktober um 4,7 Punkte auf 45,3 Zähler absackte. Immerhin wurde die Vorabschätzung damit um 0,2 Punkte übertroffen. Mit aktuell 41,7 Punkten - nach 46,9 im Oktober - notierte das Barometer für den Servicesektor bereits zum…",INFO,de,Wiener Zeitung
2020-12-02 11:32:25-05:00,London Stock Exchange said set to win EU approval for US$27 billion takeover of Refinitiv,"BRUSSELS: The London Stock Exchange (LSE) is set to win European Union (EU) antitrust approval for its US$27 billion (RM110 billion) takeover of data company Refinitiv, two people familiar with the matter said on Wednesday, bolstering its footprint in a rapidly consolidating sector. The market for financial data has exploded with the advent of computer driven trading, triggering a rash of takeovers as companies seek to create one-stop shops to serve clients and get an edge over traditional rivals in supplying data, dubbed the new ""oil"". A merged LSE and Refinitiv would still be eclipsed by financial data leader Bloomberg LP but it will outrank a combination of S&P and IHS Markit, whose US$44 billion deal announced this week was the largest acquisition of 2020. The LSE, seeking to diversify into the financial data sector and reduce reliance on unpredictable trading volumes, unveiled its plan to buy Refinitiv last year, but faced hurdles in Brussels, with the deadline for EU approval pushed back to January 2021.",INFO,en,The Sun Daily
2020-12-02 09:28:36-05:00,"SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Rigrodsky & Long, P.A. Announces Investigation of IHS Markit Ltd. Merger - Stocks News Feed","WILMINGTON, Del., Dec. 02, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) — Rigrodsky & Long, P.A. announces that it is investigating IHS Markit Ltd. (“IHS Markit”) (NYSE:INFO) regarding possible breaches of fiduciary duties and other violations of law related to IHS Markit’s agreement to be acquired by S&P Global Inc. (“S&P”) (NYSE:SPGI). Under the terms of the agreement, IHS… Read More »SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Rigrodsky & Long, P.A. Announces Investigation of IHS Markit Ltd. Merger",INFO,en,Stocks News Feed
2020-12-02 00:30:00-05:00,S&P greift nach IHS Markit - ein Deal der Superlative,"Eine nicht gerade alltägliche Übernahme hat zu Wochenbeginn für großes Aufsehen in der Wirtschaftswelt gesorgt. Dabei geht es um einen Aktien-Deal, über den sich der New Yorker Finanzdatenanbieter S&P Global seinen Londoner Rivalen IHS Markit einverleiben will. Die Akquisition, für die nur noch die Zustimmung der Wettbewerbshüter fehlt, ist die bisher größte eines US-Unternehmens im laufenden Jahr…",INFO,de,Wiener Zeitung
2020-11-29 12:23:52-05:00,Car market ends 2020 festive season on a high,"The Indian car market has closed its best ever festive season with retail sales of 1-1.1 million passenger vehicles since August.After recording the highest ever dispatches in October, the industry is likely to close November with the highest ever dispatches for the 11th month of the year at 2.80-2.85 lakh units, witnessing a growth of 8-9%. Moreover, retail sales are expected to be even better at over 3.1 lakh units - further trimming the inventory in the system to less than one month.The cumulative April-November passenger vehicle sales in FY-21 is estimated to be very close to 1.5 million, a 20% decline from last year, despite losing almost two months of sales and production to the most severe phase of the pandemic.While refusing to confirm or comment on this month’s volumes, Shashank Srivastava , ED, sales and marketing at Maruti Suzuki said the demand during the festive season of 2020 was one of the better ones seen in recent years. And the current offtake in the industry surely has a large element of pent up demand even as the need for personal mobility has brought in new first time buyers.“Post festive demand is still holding at a marginally lower level.",INFO,en,Economic Times India
2020-11-27 06:20:56-05:00,Brexit: Survey reveals ‘worrying lack of customs preparedness’ of companies,"New survey results have revealed a “worrying lack of customs preparedness” of Irish companies ahead of the end of the Brexit transition period. A survey by IHS Markit of 600 companies on the PMI panel in Ireland, along with analysis of companies that have completed Enterprise Ireland’s Readiness Checker, demonstrates that while more than half […] The post Brexit: Survey reveals ‘worrying lack of customs preparedness’ of companies appeared first on Agriland.ie .",INFO,en,AgriLand
2020-11-24 04:07:22-05:00,Eurozone deflation worries to persist,"IHS Markit monitors various inflation metrics to better gauge the risk of deflation. The deflationary vulnerability index for the eurozone rose markedly in the first half of 2020, following the pattern of previous adverse shocks like the GFC. While the index held steady in Q3, further increases are likely. The ECB is stepping up its policy stimulus but the cavalry may be arriving too late. What is deflation and why is it such a problem? Deflation can be defined as a sustained decline in the general level of prices. This is different to a temporarily negative consumer price inflation rate due, for example, to a drop in crude oil prices (though this is often described as deflation). Deflationary episodes have been comparatively rare in modern times but as Japan's experience highlights, it can be very difficult to extricate an economy from deflation once it has set in, with long-lasting consequences. A prime concern is that a deflationary spiral may result, exacerbated by high levels of debt (which rise in real terms during deflation) and negative feedback loops between the financial sector and the economy Eurozone vulnerability reflects range of factors We have previously highlighted our concern over the vulnerability of the eurozone to deflation and its potentially pernicious consequences.",INFO,en,IHS Markit
2020-11-23 16:37:38-05:00,Bolsas de NY avançam com expectativas sobre vacinas e Yellen no Tesouro,"O Dow Jones terminou a sessão em valorização de 1,12%, enquanto o S&P 500 subiu 0,56% e o índice eletrônico Nasdaq avançou 0,22% Os índices acionários em Nova York encerraram a segunda-feira (23) em alta, com destaque para os setores mais sensíveis ao ciclo de crescimento da economia. Os investidores se mostraram otimistas hoje com mais um anúncio relacionado ao desenvolvimento de vacinas contra a covid-19 e parecem ter recebido positivamente a nomeação de Janet Yellen, ex-presidente do Federal Reserve (Fed), para assumir o Departamento do Tesouro do governo de Joe Biden. Na Bolsa de Valores de Nova York (Nyse), o Dow Jones terminou a sessão aos 29.591,27 pontos, em valorização de 1,12%, enquanto o S&P 500 subiu 0,56%, a 3.577,59 pontos. O índice eletrônico Nasdaq avançou 0,22%, a 11.880,63 pontos. Nesta segunda, a Universidade de Oxford e a AstraZeneca anunciaram que sua vacina chegou a até 90% de eficácia na prevenção de infecções e não apresentou efeitos colaterais graves. Ao contrário das vacinas em desenvolvimento pela Pfizer e Moderna, a vacina da AstraZeneca pode ser armazenada em temperaturas acima de zero graus Celsius, o que facilitaria o processo de distribuição. ""Quando você olha os detalhes, parece uma notícia muito boa"", disse Paul O'Connor, chefe de multiestratégia da Janus Henderson Investors, à Dow Jones Newswires. “Há uma perspectiva crescente de normalização significativa da atividade econômica no segundo semestre do ano que vem”, afirmou.",INFO,pt,Valor Econômico
2020-11-23 14:03:50-05:00,"Zona do euro: Indicadores sugerem contração do PIB no 4º tri, dizem analistas","Projeções de queda vão de 2,6% a 3% A queda acentuada do Índice de Gerentes de Compras (PMI, na sigla em inglês) na zona do euro em novembro, segundo dados preliminares divulgados nesta segunda-feira pela IHS Markit, indica que a economia da região terá uma contração considerável no quarto trimestre, segundo analistas. Matéria exclusiva para assinantes. Para ter acesso completo, acesse o link da matéria e faça o seu cadastro.",INFO,pt,Valor Econômico
2020-11-23 10:28:28-05:00,"Indústria e serviços nos EUA avançam e mostram força da recuperação, diz IHS Markit","Recuperação refletiu um maior fortalecimento da demanda, que, por sua vez, encorajou as empresas a contratar funcionários a uma taxa não vista anteriormente desde o início da pesquisa em 2009, nota o economista-chefe da entidade A atividade econômica no setor privado dos Estados Unidos acelerou em novembro tanto na indústria quanto no setor de serviços, apesar do aumento de casos de covid-19 no país, segundos dados preliminares da IHS Markit. Ty Wright/Bloomberg O Índice de Gerente de Compras (PMI, na sigla em inglês) industrial, subiu para 56,7 pontos em novembro, de 53,3 em outubro, superando a expectativa de economistas consultados pelo “Wall Street Journal”, que era uma redução ligeira para 53 pontos. O PMI de serviços também subiu para 57,7 pontos em novembro, de 56,9 em outubro, segundo os dados preliminares da IHS Markit. Assim, o PMI composto, que inclui indústria e serviços, subiu para 57,9 em novembro, após marcar 56,3 um mês antes. Leituras acima de 50 indicam expansão da atividade, enquanto abaixo de 50 apontam contração. “A atividade empresarial em ambos, indústria e serviços, subiu em novembro no ritmo mais forte desde março de 2015.",INFO,pt,Valor Econômico
2020-11-23 10:04:44-05:00,Bolsas do EUA operam em alta com novo otimismo sobre vacinas,"Investidores prestam atenção ainda ao aumento de casos da covid-19 nos EUA Os principais índices acionários em Nova York operam em alta nesta segunda-feira, impulsionados pelo anúncio dos resultados da vacina desenvolvida pela AstraZeneca em parceria com a Universidade de Oxford. Na Bolsa de Valores de Nova York (Nyse), perto de meio-dia, o Dow Jones ganhava 0,98%, aos 29548,47 pontos, e o S&P 500 tinha elevação de 0,84%, ficando em 3586,91 pontos. O índice eletrônico Nasdaq registrava avanço de 0,64%, aos 11930,29 pontos. O noticiário relacionado ao desenvolvimento das vacinas tem sido o principal catalisador da demanda por risco nas últimas semanas, em meio ao avanço expressivo da pandemia de covid-19 nos Estados Unidos. Nyse/AP Hoje, a Universidade de Oxford e a AstraZeneca comunicaram que sua vacina chegou a até 90% de eficácia na prevenção de infecções e não apresentou efeitos colaterais graves em um grande teste. Os resultados aumentam o otimismo entre os investidores de que a chegada de vacinas eficazes pode ajudar a controlar o coronavírus no próximo ano, permitindo que setores da economia prejudicados pela pandemia se recuperem. ""Além disso, os requisitos de armazenamento são muito mais simples do que seus equivalentes e a vacina custa uma fração do preço das demais"", disse Craig Erlam, analista-sênior de mercados da corretora Oanda. ""O motivo pelo qual os mercados não estão ainda mais empolgados é que esse é o terceiro anúncio recente de vacinas e, até certo ponto, os resultados já estão precificados.",INFO,pt,Valor Econômico
2020-11-23 06:36:46-05:00,Reino Unido: Atividade empresarial recua em novembro após quatro altas,"Índice PMI composto, que considera indústria e serviços, caiu para 47,4 em prévia, de 52,1 em outubro A atividade empresarial no setor privado do Reino Unido caiu em novembro, encerrando um período de expansão de quatro meses. O resultado negativo foi puxado pela queda mais acentuada no setor de serviços desde maio por causa de novas restrições para conter a segunda onda de covid-19, com fechamento temporário de estabelecimentos ligados a lazer e hospitalidade. Segundo dados preliminares da IHS Markit, o PMI de serviços caiu para 45,8 pontos em novembro, de 51,4 em outubro, enquanto o PMI industrial aumentou para 55,2 em novembro, de 53,7 em outubro. Assim, o PMI composto, que inclui indústria e serviços, recuou para 47,4 pontos em novembro, de 52,1 em outubro. Leituras abaixo de 50 indicam contração da atividade, enquanto acima de 50 apontam expansão. ""Algum conforto vem dos dados que sugerem que o impacto do bloqueio não foi tão severo como na primavera, e a indústria também recebeu um significativo aumento da formação de estoque e um aumento nas exportações antes da saída do Reino Unido da UE no fim do ano, fornecendo um incentivo para muitas empresas.",INFO,pt,Valor Econômico
2020-11-23 05:44:17-05:00,UK risks double-dip recession amid second Covid lockdown,"Economy shrinks as service sector suffers steepest fall in activity since May Coronavirus – latest updates See all our coronavirus coverage The first snapshot of the UK economy during England’s four-week lockdown has shown evidence of a looming double-dip recession as tougher restrictions took a toll of large chunks of service-sector output. The monthly survey from IHS Markit and Cips reported the steepest fall in activity since May, with the closely watched purchasing managers’ index (PMI) dropping from 52.1 to 47.4. A reading below 50 indicates that the economy is contracting. Continue reading…",INFO,en,The Guardian
2020-11-23 05:19:21-05:00,Euro-Konjunktur legt im November den Rückwärtsgang ein,"Der Eurozone droht wegen der zweiten Corona-Welle ein Rückfall in die Rezession. Der Einkaufsmanagerindex, der Industrie und Dienstleister zusammenfasst, fiel im November um 4,9 auf 45,1 Punkte. Das ist der schlechteste Wert seit einem halben Jahr, wie das Institut IHS Markit am Montag zu seiner monatlichen Umfrage unter Tausenden Unternehmen mitteilte. Das Barometer rutschte damit […] Der Beitrag Euro-Konjunktur legt im November den Rückwärtsgang ein erschien zuerst auf Oberösterreichisches Volksblatt .",INFO,de,Volksblatt Austria
2020-11-23 04:27:45-05:00,Eurozone business activity plunges as lockdowns bite,"IHS Markit’s Purchase Managers Index (PMI) Composite Output Index came in at a six-month low of 45.1 in November, down from 50.0 in October.",INFO,en,Yahoo Finance UK
2020-11-20 05:48:42-05:00,Week Ahead Economic Preview: Week of 23 November,"The following is an extract from IHS Markit's latest Week Ahead Economic Preview. For the full report, please click on the 'Download Full Report' link. Download full report Flash PMI surveys for the US, Eurozone and UK Updated Q3 GDP estimates for the US, Germany, France and Singapore FOMC minutes Flash PMI surveys will provide important mid-quarter insights into the state of the Eurozone, UK and US economies. The surveys will provide the first major clues as to how business conditions have changed in the aftermath of the US elections and at a time when the adverse impact of new lockdowns in many countries will have been countered by encouraging news on COVID-19 vaccines. The US flash PMI will be noteworthy in providing the first post-election snapshot of the national economy. October data showed business growth accelerating to the strongest since May 2018, driven by the largest increase in services activity since April 2015 and a marked surge in confidence. Other key US releases include a fresh estimate of third quarter GDP, personal income, spending and prices, durable goods orders, home sales and house prices.",INFO,en,IHS Markit
2020-11-19 12:37:50-05:00,Border tension: China auto investment plans stall,"MUMBAI: Investment plans by Chinese automobile companies worth about $5 billion face delays of two years or more as tensions at the border remain unresolved. Negotiations have been put on hold pending clarity regarding such investments, said people with knowledge of the matter.Great Wall Motors (GWM), Haima Automobiles, Changan Auto and Chery are all likely to see a wait period of at least 12-24 months. How long will depend on the government’s stance, said the people cited above.GWM’s takeover of the General Motors plant in Talegaon, Maharashtra, will be delayed even further from December. The Haval brand launch from China's largest SUV maker is likely to move to 2022 against the previous plan for a 2021 rollout.GWM vendor Nobo Automotive, which had been discussing ties with a local partner, hasn’t held any negotiations for the last four-five months, people said.Changan Automobile, which was seeking land for a greenfield facility, is going slow. Discussions on sourcing and distribution have stalled.",INFO,en,Economic Times India
2020-11-19 05:45:44-05:00,Racing for growth: Are oil and gas companies overheating the renewables sector?,"Many large and primarily European oil and gas (O&G) companies—including Shell, BP, and Total—have significant expansion plans for renewable energies over the next decade, and the M&A activity of O&G companies in the renewables space has recently surged. This uptick comes at a time when many renewable markets globally are suffering from dampened power demand, low wholesale power prices, reduced government support, high competition, and low project margins. This incongruity creates concerns that O&G companies are pushing up renewable project valuations and overheating the sector. IHS Markit recently published a report examining the role of O&G companies in low-carbon M&A, the impact on renewable project and company valuations, and how the investments are setting up O&G companies for long-term growth in the low-carbon space. Aggressive growth targets, competition from power utilities, and limited experience force O&G companies to meet their green commitments primarily through M&A O&G companies are accelerating their expansions into renewables, driven by a challenged O&G market; short-term environmental, social, and governance objectives; and policy changes.",INFO,en,IHS Markit
2020-11-19 04:49:52-05:00,North Sea CCS: Consistent policy support is key to unlocking investment in offshore carbon storage,"The North Sea basin is emerging as a global hotspot for carbon capture and storage (CCS) development on the back of strong policy momentum. Over the several years, the North Sea hydrocarbon producers have accelerated efforts to develop offshore CCS based on their extensive upstream expertise. Norway and the Netherlands are on track to launch full-scale facilities by 2024, while the UK could have its first project commissioned by mid-decade. Government policies are focused on securing a resilient role for the oil and gas industry (including the service industry) in the ongoing energy transition and reaching ambitious emissions reduction targets over the longer term. In Denmark, Norway, the Netherlands, and the UK, broad political consensus underpins supportive policies aimed at unlocking the CCUS potential of their respective offshore areas. Each host government is committed to using offshore oil and gas infrastructure and depleted reservoirs for the transportation and storage of carbon dioxide.",INFO,en,IHS Markit
2020-11-19 04:33:48-05:00,New Beneficial Ownership Disclosure Rules and How to Simplify Them: Leveraging technology for new Beneficial Ownership Disclosure Rules,"The United States has stepped up its anti-money-laundering practices after taking some heat. In the Financial Action Task Force's 2016 mutual evaluation, the group found: Lack of timely access to adequate, accurate and current beneficial ownership (BO) information remained one of the fundamental gaps in the US. [1] As a result, the United States recently passed the Corporate Transparency Act. It aims to increase transparency on ultimate beneficial ownership disclosure to law enforcement, the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network (FINCEN). New and existing corporations and LLPs must now disclose beneficial ownership information to FINCEN. Corporations are also responsible for disclosing changes from the previous year and can be subject to civil and criminal action for submitting incorrect information. In alignment with FINCEN's CDD rules, financial institutions are obliged to identify and verify the identity of any individual who owns 25% or more of a legal entity and an individual who controls the legal entity.",INFO,en,IHS Markit
2020-11-18 11:34:00-05:00,Lukka strikes crypto distribution deal with IHS Markit,"Lukka, the leading crypto asset software and data provider, has partnered with global business information provider IHS Markit to redistribute Lukka’s institutional-grade blockchain and digital asset data products, including Lukka Prime and Lukka Reference Data, as part of the comprehensive IHS Markit Pricing, Valuations and Reference Data offerings.",INFO,en,Finextra Research
2020-11-17 08:30:00-05:00,"Daniel Yergin, IHS Markit Vice Chairman, Named “Energy Writer of the Year” by American Energy Society for His New Book, The New Map: Energy, Climate and the Clash of Nations","WASHINGTON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--IHS Markit Vice Chairman Daniel Yergin named ""Energy Writer of the Year"" by American Energy Society for his book, ""The New Map.""",INFO,en,Business Wire
2020-11-17 02:18:09-05:00,Tracking Monthly Chinese Economic Performance,"Monthly GDP tracker helps to better understand cyclical economic developments in China GDP tracker reinforce usefulness of monthly Caixin Composite PMI data Prior to the global pandemic, China's GDP growth figures exhibited a noticeable degree of stability, with underlying growth tending to ease in a gentle and broadly predictable pattern over the decade leading up to the start of 2020. In contrast, higher frequency indicators - such as the Caixin China Composite PMI (compiled by IHS Markit) and, for that matter, many official data statistics - have described more typical cyclical changes in economic activity, for example indicating slowdowns in growth in 2015 and 2018. With little cyclicality apparent in the official headline GDP growth statistics, in response - and as a means of providing timelier and higher frequency estimates of changes in GDP - there is a growing literature on alternative ways to track economic performance in China. Two such approaches have been undertaken by the San Francisco Federal Reserve Bank and the New York Federal Reserve Bank .",INFO,en,IHS Markit
2020-11-16 22:11:35-05:00,Fuel for Thought - China: The current engine of the automotive industry,"Automotive Monthly Newsletter and Podcast This month's theme: China - The current engine of the automotive industry LISTEN TO THIS PODCAST The auto industry gets a lift from Chinese consumers and regulators driving growth even as a surge in COVID-19 cases in the US and Europe tempers demand elsewhere. China has seen a welcome rapid recovery of auto sales since the second quarter of 2020. This has been supported particularly by incentives from 22 cities/provinces, including an increase in license plate quotas, subsidies for new car purchases as well as a scrappage subsidy for vehicles with China 3 emission standards and below. Light vehicle sales YTD are characterized by strong performance from premium and light commercial vehicles (LCVs) as both segments are heading for growth in 2020 in spite of the broader impact of COVID-19. Premium car sales have been supported by a personal income tax cut introduced in 2019, which particularly benefited mid-/high-income households, as well as by declining premium transaction prices with a cut in vehicle custom duty in 2018 and reduction in VAT from 16% to 13% in 2019.",INFO,en,IHS Markit
2020-11-14 01:10:08-05:00,Research shows consumers disliked foods with added hormones or chlorine wash,"New economic research from the University of Kent, University of Reading and IHS Markit, reveals the extent to which UK consumers dislike food produced using production methods such as hormones in beef and chlorine-washed chicken. The research also reveals that UK consumers highly value food production that adheres to food safety standards set by the […] The post Research shows consumers disliked foods with added hormones or chlorine wash appeared first on Agriland.co.uk .",INFO,en,AgrilandUK
2020-11-13 03:10:12-05:00,Major European cities underperform amid COVID-19 pandemic,"New City Performance Score highlights noticeable underperformance of cities across Europe Madrid records most marked underperformance, followed by Germany's big 5 cities Manufacturing recovery drives relative overperformance of Milan Europe's largest cities are underperforming relative to the rest of their nations amid the coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) pandemic, according to IHS Markit's PMI data. This note looks at the specific performance of some of the main metropolitan areas in different countries across western Europe. Cities usually perform better than rest of the country To assess the impact that COVID-19 and the related ""lockdown"" measures have on cities, IHS Markit has delved into its PMI numbers for a special look into how business activity in these urban areas compares to broader country level data. In this analysis we look at PMI™ Composite Output Index data across manufacturing and private sector services firms in a range of cities. To select these, we looked at the largest population centres and city economies in the western European countries for which we produce PMI data and were guided by the sample sizes we have available on our panels to ensure reliable results.",INFO,en,IHS Markit
2020-11-12 07:21:10-05:00,Shifting production from China: The Mexican option,"The 'decoupling' of the US and mainland China is compounding long-developing changes in relative wage rates around the world and forcing several companies to consider shifting their supply chains away from Asia. For those exporting to the US, neighbouring Mexico is an immediate option. It has established and easily leveraged supply chains with the US, which already accounts for over 80% of Mexico's exports; and strong industrial infrastructure, including productive hubs and extensive rail and road connections in the north and centre of the country, for example Chihuahua, Baja California and Tamaulipas (manufacturing) and Puebla and Guanajuato (automotive). In addition, the United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement (USMCA), in effect since July 2020, has secured preferential trade terms with the US. Mexico also has free trade agreements with 48 other jurisdictions, including the European Union and the Pacific Alliance) and 32 investment protection treaties (including with Argentina and Brazil).",INFO,en,IHS Markit
2020-11-12 03:48:23-05:00,Empirical analysis into the impact of COVID-19 on global trade relations,"Key points: We estimate the impact of COVID-19 for bilateral trade relations of all monthly reporting states present in the IHS Markit GTA Forecasting database over the period 2019M1 - 2020M8 using a semi-mixed effects panel data model in the trade gravity framework The impact of COVID-19 on bilateral trade is statistically significant and adverse, ceteris paribus, on both the exporter's and importer's side The result holds for both monthly-reported new COVID-19 cases as well as new COVID-19 related deaths as a proxy for the severity of pandemic The impact is found to be asymmetric at the level of individual states as could have been expected taking into account the time-path and gravity of the pandemic The models re-estimated on a monthly basis show that the impact globally becomes adverse and statistically significant in March 2020 and endures. This coincides with the escalation of COVID-19 from Asia to Western Europe and then globally The stringency of governments response to the COVID-19 pandemic as measured by Oxford COVID-19 Government Response Tracker index it has a statistically significant and negative impact on the importer's side only in a global sample model which could be indicative of the creation of significant hindrance to trade and weaker consumer demand Introduction 2020 proves to be the most challenging year on record for global trade and the global economy in a century.",INFO,en,IHS Markit
2020-11-10 09:34:00-05:00,Quodd and IHS Markit form wealth management partnership,"QUODD Financial Information Services (“QUODD”), a business unit of Financeware, a NewSpring Holdings platform company, and IHS Markit have formed a strategic partnership to provide a unique market data offering for the Trust and Wealth Management sector.",INFO,en,Finextra Research
2020-11-10 09:02:00-05:00,QUODD and IHS Markit Form Strategic Partnership to Serve the Trust and Wealth Management Markets,"JERSEY CITY, N.J., Nov. 10, 2020 /PRNewswire/ -- QUODD Financial Information Services (""QUODD""), a business unit of Financeware, a NewSpring Holdings platform company, and IHS Markit have formed a strategic partnership to provide a unique market data offering for the Trust and Wealth…",INFO,en,PR Newswire
2020-11-05 05:13:47-05:00,Russia’s October services PMI puts in sharpest decline in business activity since the start of the pandemic,The unexpected economic slowdown that started at the end of September delivered another surprise after IHS Markit reported the biggest drop in the …,INFO,en,IntelliNews
2020-11-04 12:39:21.304000-05:00,Ease in Covid restrictions lifted India's Oct services output: PMI,"New Delhi: Ease in Covid-19 restrictions, along with fresh demand, lifted India's service sector output October. The seasonally adjusted India Services Business Activity Index showed an increase that ended a seven month sequence of reduction. The index rose to 54.1 in October, up from 49.8 in September. Besides, the seasonally adjusted business activity index posted above the 50 (index reading) no-change mark the first time since February. An index reading above 50 indicates an overall increase compared to the previous month, and below points to an overall decrease. ""The latest reading pointed to a solid rate of growth in output that was stronger than its long-run average,"" the IHS Markit report said. As per the report, panel members said the upturn was supported by improved market conditions amid the loosening of Covid-19 restrictions. Furthermore, the survey report said that October recorded the strongest increase in private sector output in close to nine years. ""A sharp rise in factory production was accompanied by a return to growth of services activity,"" the report said.",INFO,en,Sify.com
2020-11-04 06:51:55-05:00,Zona do euro: Atividade de serviços cai em outubro em meio a novas restrições,"Índice PMI do setor recuou para 46,9 pontos, de 48,8 em setembro O Índice de Gerentes de Compras (PMI, na sigla em inglês) do setor de serviços da zona do euro caiu para 46,9 pontos em outubro, de 48,8 em setembro, ficando um pouco acima da estimativa preliminar de 46,2 divulgada dias atrás, segundo dados finais da IHS Markit. A queda se deu num momento em que vários países do continente reativam restrições à circulação social devido à segunda onda de covid-19 na Europa. Leituras abaixo de 50 indicam a contração do setor, enquanto acima de 50 apontam expansão. Com isso, o PMI composto, que inclui indústria e serviços, caiu para 50,0 em outubro, de 50,4 em setembro, ligeiramente acima da estimativa preliminar de 49,4 pontos. Na Alemanha, o PMI de serviços caiu para 49,5 pontos em outubro, de 50,6 em setembro. Contudo, o PMI composto se manteve em 55,0 pontos, o mais alto em três meses, puxado pelo desempenho da indústria, divulgado na última segunda-feira. Em Roma, motoristas de táxi protestam contra medidas de restrição do governo da Itália para conter a covid-19 Mauro Scrobogna/LaPresse/AP Na França, o PMI de serviços caiu para 46,5 pontos em outubro, de 47,5 em setembro, e levou o PMI composto a anotar o nível mais baixo em cinco meses, a 47,5 pontos.",INFO,pt,Valor Econômico
2020-11-03 08:23:45-05:00,"Atividade da indústria no Brasil tem maior alta mensal desde fevereiro de 2006, aponta PMI","O Índice Gerente de Compras do setor industrial brasileiro subiu de 64,9 em setembro para 66,7 em outubro Christopher Burns/Unsplash O Índice Gerente de Compras (PMI, na sigla em inglês) do setor industrial brasileiro subiu de 64,9 pontos em setembro para 66,7 pontos em outubro, a maior alta mensal desde o início da coleta de dados, em fevereiro de 2006, diz a consultoria IHS Markit, responsável pelo indicador. Leituras acima de 50 pontos indicam expansão, enquanto abaixo de 50 pontos apontam contração. O movimento ascendente do PMI refletiu um crescimento mais acentuado da produção e dos índices de emprego, além de um aumento considerável nos índices de prazo de entrega dos fornecedores, diz o relatório. Os três subsetores monitorados testemunharam uma melhora das condições operacionais, liderada pelos bens de produção. “O crescimento no setor industrial brasileiro ganhou impulso em outubro, com o PMI principal atingindo um novo recorde em meio à rápida expansão da produção e um aumento recorde da pesquisa no nível de empregos.",INFO,pt,Valor Econômico
2020-11-03 05:07:49-05:00,PH manufacturing sector contracts in Oct – The Manila Times,"IHS Markit on Tuesday reported that despite broadly stabilizing in September, operating conditions across the Philippine manufacturing sector worsened in October. Results of the IHS Markit survey revealed that the Philippine Purchasing Managers Index (PMI) fell from 50.1 in September to 48.5 in October as the economic fallout from the coronavirus disease 2019 (Covid-19) pandemic […]",INFO,en,The Manila Times
2020-11-02 05:23:37-05:00,Einkaufsmanagerindex von IHS Markit: Deutsche Industrie wächst kräftig - noch - DER SPIEGEL - Wirtschaft,Noch boomt die Industrie: Im Oktober verzeichnete der deutsche Einkaufsmanagerindex vom Institut IHS Markit den höchsten Stand seit März 2018. Doch die Aussichten trüben sich bereits ein.,INFO,de,Der Spiegel
2020-11-02 04:41:40-05:00,"GBP/USD steigt in Richtung 1,29, UK Manufacturing PMI übertrifft Schätzungen im Oktober mit 53,7","Die Aktivitäten sind im britischen Fertigungssektor im Oktober stärker gestiegen als erwartet, wie der Abschlussbericht von IHS Markit am Montag bestä",INFO,de,FXStreet Deutschland
2020-11-02 04:01:42-05:00,Einkaufsmanagerindex PMI: Deutsche Industrie im Oktober auf starkem Erholungskurs,"Der Einkaufsmanagerindex (PMI) der Industrie stieg auf 58,2 Punkte von 56,4 im Vormonat, wie das IHS Markit Institut bei einer zweiten Veröffentlichung mitteilte. Im Zuge des ersten Ausweises war ein Indexanstieg auf 58,0 Punkte berichtet worden. Volkswirte hatten im Mittel mit einer Bestätigung des ersten Ausweises gerechnet. Ab 50 Zählern…",INFO,de,Finanzen AT
2020-10-27 06:36:42-05:00,IHS Markit Perspectives - Social Initiatives within ESG - Part 11,"IHS Markit's Perception Analytics team engages in in-depth discussions with investors and analysts daily. Given recent market volatility and significant economic uncertainty, IHS Markit will be speaking to investors and analysts on a regular basis over the next few weeks to assess how the current situation with COVID-19 is impacting their evaluations of and engagement with corporate issuers. In our eleventh installment we gathered feedback on how social impact initiatives within ESG influence a company's investment case. Highlights include: Several investors and analysts assert that a company's social initiative efforts have become more material to their investment case . In particular, they highlight the importance of diversity across the corporate workforce. ""We are voting on companies based on their Board diversity with the aim that Board diversity will help improve overall workforce diversity. When doing that analysis, we also take into consideration what level of management diversity there is and what programs a company has in place"" Furthermore, many respondents note that it is critical for companies to have consistent communication that highlights their commitment to fair social practices. "" Social impact initiatives do have an impact on how we view an investment because companies have to walk the walk.",INFO,en,IHS Markit
2020-10-26 04:20:02-05:00,Mixed news on COVID19 vaccines: COVID-19 R&D tracker,"In the latest edition of our Weekly COVID19 R&D Tracker, which has tracked progress and expected timelines of vaccines and treatments for COVID19 since late April, we highlight key developments that are impacting our assumptions. As we move towards November, we are expecting major clinical readouts from several key vaccine candidates, and as we move towards this critical stage we are seeing good progress on most fronts. Although AstraZeneca's vaccine continues to be on clinical hold in the US, and J&J has also temporarily paused studies of its vaccine candidate, generally we are seeing positive momentum with rolling regulatory reviews commencing, as well as positive earlier-phase data. On the treatment front, meanwhile, we have seen disappointing data for Veklury (remdesivir) as well as a clinical hold on Lilly's/AbCellera's neutralizing monoclonal antibody candidate. Latest developments for vaccines in the week ending 15 October from IHS Markit's COVID19 R&D Tracker: Vaccines A second Russian COVID-19 vaccine, the peptide subunit vaccine EpiVacCorona from the State Centre for Research in Virology and Biotechnology (Vektor), has received interim pre-Phase-III approval for public access in Russia, on the basis of limited Phase I/II data.",INFO,en,IHS Markit
2020-10-25 19:00:00-05:00,European economies hit by tighter virus control but US sees stronger growth,IHS Markit’s flash PMI data for the G4 developed economies indicated that the pace of economic growth remained broadly unchanged in October as rising COVI,INFO,en,IHS Markit
2020-10-24 09:52:52-05:00,IHS Markit Ltd. (NYSE:INFO) Receives Consensus Rating of “Buy” from Brokerages,"IHS Markit Ltd. (NYSE:INFO) has been given a consensus rating of “Buy” by the eighteen ratings firms that are currently covering the firm, Marketbeat reports. Five equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold recommendation and twelve have given a buy recommendation to the company. The average 12 month price objective among brokerages […]",INFO,en,The Olympia Report
2020-10-23 10:13:05-05:00,"Indústria e serviços nos EUA têm alta nas atividades, aponta leitura preliminar do PMI","O indicador elaborado pela IHS Markit subiu para 55,5 em outubro Ty Wright/Bloomberg O Índice de Gerente de Compras (PMI, na sigla em inglês) preliminar dos EUA, elaborado pela IHS Markit, sinaliza que a atividade econômica no país voltou a ganhar ímpeto em outubro, com crescimento tanto na indústria como no setor de serviços. Segundo dados preliminares da IHS Markit, o PMI industrial subiu ligeiramente para 53,3 em outubro, de 53,2 em setembro, com o setor se mantendo em território de expansão. O PMI de serviços também subiu para 56,0 em outubro, de 54,6 em setembro, apesar do aumento de infecções por covid-19 na maioria dos estados americanos. Assim, o PMI composto, que inclui indústria e serviços, subiu para 55,5 em outubro, de 54,3 em setembro. Leituras acima de 50 indicam expansão, enquanto abaixo de 50 apontam contração. Os dados finais referente a outubro serão divulgados no início de novembro. “A economia dos EUA parece ter iniciado o quarto trimestre em uma base sólida, com a atividade empresarial crescendo a uma taxa não vista desde o início de 2019.",INFO,pt,Valor Econômico
2020-10-23 07:33:16-05:00,Reino Unido: Prévia indica desaceleração de indústria e serviços em outubro,"Índice PMI acende alerta em relação ao desempenho da economia britânica no quarto trimestre em meio a uma segunda onda da covid-19 Os dados preliminares do Índice de Gerente de Compras (PMI, na sigla em inglês) do Reino Unido indicam que que a atividade empresarial continuou crescendo em outubro, mas em um ritmo muito mais fraco do que nos meses anteriores, o que acende o alerta de economistas em relação ao desempenho da economia britânica no quarto trimestre em meio a uma segunda onda da covid-19 na Europa e o fim de programas de proteção a pessoas afastadas de seus empregos durante a pandemia. De acordo com a IHS Markit, o PMI industrial do Reino Unido caiu para 53,3 pontos em outubro, de 54,1 em setembro, ficando aquém da expectativa de economistas consultados pelo “Wall Street Journal”, que esperavam 53,5 pontos. A desaceleração foi mais forte nos serviços. O PMI do setor caiu para 52,3 pontos em outubro, de 56,1 em setembro, segundo os dados preliminares da IHS Markit. A expectativa era que ficasse em 54,5 pontos.",INFO,pt,Valor Econômico
2020-10-23 07:13:32-05:00,"Zona do euro: Indústria acelera em outubro, mas serviços acentuam contração","PMI industrial subiu a 54,4 pontos em prévia, enquanto indicador de serviços, já em campo negativo, caiu mais do que o previsto Os dados preliminares dos índices de gerente de compras (PMI, na sigla em inglês) na zona do euro apresentaram resultados mistos em outubro, com a indústria surpreendendo positivamente e o setor de serviços nitidamente abalado pela segunda onda da pandemia de covid-19 na região. Segundo os dados preliminares da IHS Markit, o PMI industrial da zona do euro subiu para 54,4 pontos em outubro, de 53,7 em setembro, superando a expectativa de 52,6 pontos de economistas consultados pelo “Wall Street Journal”. Michael A. Handrek-Rehle/Bloomberg Por outro lado, o PMI de serviços da região monetária caiu para 46,2 pontos em outubro, de 48,0 em setembro. Economistas consultados pelo “Wall Street Journal” esperam que a queda parasse em 46,7 pontos. Com isso, o PMI composto, que inclui indústria e serviços, recuou para 49,4 em outubro, de 50,4 em setembro. Os dados finais de outubro serão divulgados no início de novembro.",INFO,pt,Valor Econômico
2020-10-23 04:48:14-05:00,Europe's economy risks new contraction from Covid-19 curbs,IHS Markit’s report is a clear divergent trend of manufacturing strength being offset by damage to services from the second wave of the pandemic,INFO,en,Hindustan Times
2020-10-23 03:43:42-05:00,Markit: Industie hält deutsche Wirtschaft auf Wachstumskurs - Einkaufsmanagerindex gestiegen,"Die Entwicklung war jedoch zweigeteilt: Während die Industrie boomte, schrumpfte der Servicesektor - ausgelöst durch die neuen Restriktionen und die zunehmende Unsicherheit infolge der zweiten Infektionswelle. Der von IHS Markit erhobene Sammelindex für die Produktion in der Privatwirtschaft - Industrie und Dienstleister zusammen - verringerte…",INFO,de,Finanzen CH
2020-10-21 05:41:46-05:00,"EVs are set for market dominance, so why could tipping points remain elusive?","A new book argues that while demand for new electric vehicles will soar, the long life of existing cars means it could take decades to dislodge petrol and diesel fuel infrastructure Electric vehicles (EVs) are set to simultaneously dominate the automotive market and struggle to displace demand for fossil fuels as quickly as environmental campaigners hope. That is the slightly counterintuitive argument contained in a new book from Daniel Yergin, vice chairman at analyst firm IHS Markit, which contends that while EVs should account for 80 per cent of the new car market globally by 2050 it will still be ""a long road before they dislodge gasoline as the predominant fuel in transportation"". The book, titled The New Map: Energy, Climate and the Clash of Nations , suggests that without significant government intervention the long lifespan of internal combustion engine vehicles means gasoline-powered cars will still comprise two thirds of the 1.9 billion units on the road in 2050 owing to the time it takes for the fleet to turn over.",INFO,en,BusinessGreen
2020-10-19 08:25:00-05:00,"So, What Exactly Is Floating Offshore Wind?","Onshore wind turbines can be found everywhere from the tropics to the Arctic . Three decades ago, developers started putting them on fixed foundations out at sea, sparking the rise of the offshore wind market, which built 6.1 gigawatts of new capacity in 2019. More recently, the wind industry embarked on an even more ambitious endeavor: putting turbines on floating platforms in the water, rather than fixed foundations. Now on the verge of commercial maturity, floating wind has the potential to become one of the most important new renewable energy markets. So what is floating offshore wind? It’s pretty much as it sounds. Instead of putting a wind turbine on a fixed foundation in the sea, you attach it to a structure that floats in the water. The structure is tethered to the seabed to stop it from drifting off into a beach or shipping lane. Today’s floating wind designs envision using standard offshore turbines, export cables and balance of plant. The key difference between floating and fixed-foundation offshore wind is that the latter is limited to water depths of up to around 165 feet.",INFO,en,Green Technology Media
2020-10-19 02:59:00-05:00,PM Modi to inaugurate IHS Markit's India Energy Forum next week,"Modi will deliver the inaugural address at the virtual event, to be held on October 26-28",INFO,en,Business Today
2020-10-16 13:46:00-05:00,China to crush Australian economy for anti-Chinese sentiments,"Beijing has banned importы of Australian coal. The move came as China's response to Australia's support for its geopolitical ally, the United States. Why doesn't Moscow learn from Beijing? China loses interest in Australian coal Analyst firm IHS Markit said that a number of Chinese ports had been ordered not to accept Australian coal, even if the deals had been concluded. Western publications Bloomberg, Platts and Argus confirmed the report.The head of the transnational mining corporation BHP Billiton, Ken Mackenzie, also confirmed a decline in China's purchases of Australian coal. ""Our sales team has recently received deferral requests from several of our Chinese customers,"" he said.",INFO,en,Pravda Report
2020-10-15 08:03:01-05:00,In a world where Batman meets Warren Buffet Theme Investing is the winner,"In a world where Batman meets Warren Buffet Theme Investing is the winner Submitted By Mark Kitchen | 15/10/2020 - 2:03pm This year has been the year when themed investing has dominated the headlines, but at this very moment in time it would be hard to exaggerate how the top 10 best performing ETFs listed on the London Stock Exchange so perfectly encodes the hope that many investors envisage in a post-pandemic world. Rumour has it that the stock markets have been driven in one direction by the irrational exuberance of the Robin Hood crowd, but don’t believe a word of it, that’s only a fraction of the truth. Having recently received some marketing emails from a recent start-up that is applying the techniques of gamification to drive interest in their investment products I was struck by the extent to which this firm clearly believed ‘Generation XYZ’ wouldn’t pay attention unless the message came complete with amusing icons and bright shiny colours. Increasingly it looks like the future of retail investing might be best described as where Batman meets Warren Buffet.",INFO,en,ETF Express
2020-10-13 02:52:18-05:00,"Environmental Health and Safety (EHS) Market In-depth Insights by 2025 | 3E Company, International Finance Corporation, IHS Inc., UL LLC, SAP SE","Global Environmental Health and Safety (EHS) Market: Snapshot Concerns regarding the rising levels of pollution and looming threat of global warming have escalated in the recent past and a number of countries, developed or developing, have come together to reduce these",INFO,en,OpenPR
2020-10-08 01:53:07-05:00,The Portfolio Trading Paradigm Shift: What’s Driving the Intrigue?,"With Covid-19 causing turmoil for the global economy and logistical workplace disruption, numerous sectors within the capital markets have been forced to shift their mindset towards electronic trading. That said, with nearly $10 trillion dispersed across the corporate bond market, volatility and index turnover during this period have forced many on the buy-side to explore new trading protocols as standard list trading has become more challenging due to the lack of liquidity depth and the accompanying price dislocation. Portfolio trading, on the other hand, offers a discreet and highly efficient way to trade a basket of bonds with varying liquidity profiles in a single transaction. With the rapid electronification of the global bond market and a surge in fixed income exchange-traded funds (ETFs), portfolio trading is tipped to become one of the most efficient ways to deal with large, complex and multi-faceted bond transactions. With swelling interest observed over a very recent period, we dedicated a session to the topic at our inaugural Index Conference in Q4 of 2019 and found that 17% of our attendee firms had already executed portfolio trades in 2019 and over 25% who had not were planning to do so in 2020.",INFO,en,IHS Markit
2020-10-07 03:23:05-05:00,"Green, flexible, and economical: India’s strategies for large-scale renewable integration","India's ambitious target of 450 GW of renewable capacity by 2030 will require the country to adapt its power system to the increasing variability of supply and demand, to minimize the risk of curtailment and secure grid operations. There are important measures to be considered from both the short-term operations point of view and the long-term system planning perspective. India's power system's flexibility requirement is expected to skyrocket from 30 GW in 2019 to more than 140 GW by 2030. As the share of renewable energy in total generation grows, the country will need fast- ramping infrastructure, including flexible generation and market mechanisms, while considering the economic viability of these options. The midterm focus will be on improving the supply-side flexibility from the conventional sources with coal expected to play a crucial role. However, increasing coal flexibility may be cost-competitive in the midterm only when other commercial flexibility options are limited. In the long -term, India will need to transition towards flexible resources that are also low carbon, including energy storage.",INFO,en,IHS Markit
2020-10-06 02:35:27-05:00,Atlantic Capesize freight rates spiked again with a limited number of ballasters to the west,"At the start of October, Capesize (180,000 dwt) timecharter rates increased to about USD30,000/day from USD15,000/day from just two weeks ago. The increase has almost doubled within half a month, according to the Baltic Exchange. Strong Atlantic mineral chartering demand helped to support the Atlantic rates again, for example the Baltic C8 (Capesize Atlantic Round Voyage rates, USD/day) spiked almost by 300% to USD36,400/day (1/Oct) from USD12,725/day (17/Sep), whereas C9 (Capesize iron ore shipments from Canada to Asia, USD/day) routes jumped to above USD50,000/day from about USD30,000/day two weeks ago. Now, Pacific and Atlantic round voyage earnings spread has increased to 50%, equivalent to more than USD10,000/Day. Therefore, if Australian miners tried to secure tonnage for their October shipments in the Pacific, they may need to pay up almost twice more than their September rates in the Pacific to match the Atlantic rates. From a demand perspective, IHS Markit notes good demand recovery.",INFO,en,IHS Markit
2020-10-05 09:19:30-05:00,"Setor de serviços tem 1ª alta desde início da pandemia, aponta IHS Markit","Empresas absorveram custos adicionais e baixaram os preços cobrados pela prestação de serviços entre esforços para garantir novos trabalhos Pela primeira vez desde o início da pandemia, a atividade do setor de serviços no Brasil teve crescimento, aponta a consultoria IHS Markit. Dados do Índice de Gerentes de Compras (PMI, na sigla em inglês) de serviços para o Brasil mostraram aumento no otimismo em relação a novos negócios, com índice de 50,4 no mês de setembro, na série com ajuste sazonal, ante 49,5 de agosto. Índices acima de 50 indicam crescimento do nível de atividade. Foi a primeira expansão em sete meses. Elza Fiúza/Agência Brasil As empresas de serviços brasileiras viram seus custos aumentarem novamente no fim do terceiro trimestre de 2020, com a taxa de inflação mais expressiva em quase quatro anos, com pressão nos preços de energia, alimentação, combustível e materiais de higiene, entre outros, destaca boletim divulgado esta manhã pela consultoria. As empresas absorveram custos adicionais e baixaram os preços cobrados pela prestação de serviços entre esforços para garantir novos trabalhos.",INFO,pt,Valor Econômico
2020-10-05 06:12:12-05:00,"Setor de serviços volta a se contrair na zona do euro, mostra PMI","Índice recuou para 48,0 pontos ante 50,5 em agosto, atingindo o menor nível desde maio, segundo a consultoria IHS Markit Cyril Marcilhacy/Bloomberg O Índice de Gerente de Compras (PMI, na sigla em inglês) do setor de serviços da zona do euro voltou a cair para território de contração em setembro. Após contabilizar os fatores sazonais, o índice recuou para 48,0 pontos ante 50,5 em agosto, atingindo o menor nível desde maio, segundo a consultoria IHS Markit. Apesar da queda, o resultado veio um pouco melhor que a estimativa preliminar, que era de 47,6. Leituras abaixo de 50 indicam contração no setor, enquanto acima de 50 apontam expansão. Com o resultado, o PMI composto da zona do euro, que inclui os setores de indústria e serviços, recuou para 50,4 em setembro, de 51,9 em agosto. Entre as grandes economias europeias, a Alemanha foi o único país a manter o PMI de serviços em território de expansão. Na leitura final, o índice ficou em 50,6 em setembro, de 52,5 em agosto, resultado acima dos 49,1 pontos indicados na estimativa preliminar.",INFO,pt,Valor Econômico
2020-10-05 03:31:26-05:00,"UK Final Services PMI beats estimates with 56.1 in Sept, GBP/USD stays around 1.2950","The UK services sector activity expanded more-than-expected in September, the final report from IHS Markit confirmed this Monday. The seasonally adjus",INFO,en,FXStreet
2020-10-05 03:16:04-05:00,Egypt’s non-oil private sector expands for first time in 14 months,"Cairo – Mubasher: The Egyptian non-oil private sector recorded its first economic growth in 14 months in September, backed by higher consumer demand and export sales, a survey showed on Monday. The seasonally adjusted IHS Markit Egypt Purchasing …",INFO,en,Mubasher Info
2020-10-02 04:03:39-05:00,September Power and Renewables Research Highlights,"Below is a selection from a wide range of publications issued recently from IHS Markit power and renewables experts. For more information about our power and renewables capabilities, please contact our global power and renewables expert team or visit our Global Power and Renewables service website. Global wind turbine installation overview and announced wind turbine order tracker IHS Markit tracked 62.5 GW of new wind installations in 2019, 22% higher than the year before. While over 90% of this was in onshore, the offshore sector also remained strong with annual installations growing by 45%. However, the COVID-19 pandemic resulted in a slow start to 2020 with only 23.5 GW of publicly announced firm wind turbine orders recorded globally in the first half. Major OEMs have consolidated market share globally with the five largest players comprising Vestas, SGRE, Goldwind, GE, and Envision supplying nearly 70% of the global installations in 2019. In terms of announced turbine contracts in first half 2020, Vestas retained its lead position globally while mainland China's ongoing installation rush resulted in local OEMs taking five of the top ten spots.",INFO,en,IHS Markit
2020-10-01 09:31:45-05:00,"Atividade manufatureira nos EUA cresce, mas fica abaixo do consenso do mercado","O PMI de manufatura avançado subiu de 53,1 em agosto para 53,2 no mês passado Christopher Burns/Unsplash A atividade de negócios no setor manufatureiro dos EUA cresceu em setembro, com o PMI de manufatura avançado da IHS Markit subindo de 53,1 em agosto para 53,2 no mês passado. Esta leitura veio um pouco abaixo do consenso do mercado, de 53,5. O PMI de Serviços caiu para 54,6 de 55,0 e abaixo da previsão dos especialistas de 54,7. Finalmente, o PMI Composto caiu de 54,6 para 54,4. Segundo Chris Williamson, economista-chefe de negócios da IHS Markit, “as empresas dos EUA relataram um final sólido para o terceiro trimestre, com a demanda crescendo a uma taxa cada vez mais acentuada para alimentar uma maior recuperação da produção e do emprego”. “Os dados da pesquisa portanto, acrescentam sinais de que a economia terá desfrutado de uma recuperação sólida no terceiro trimestre, após a queda no segundo trimestre.”",INFO,pt,Valor Econômico
2020-10-01 08:17:46-05:00,"Atividade industrial do Brasil atinge o maior nível desde fevereiro de 2006, mostra PMI","O PMI do país aumentou de 64,7 em agosto para 64,9 em setembro Max LaRochelle/Unsplash O Índice Gerente de Compras (PMI) da IHS Markit para o Brasil assinalou a mais acentuada melhora do setor desde o início da coleta de dados, em fevereiro de 2006, aumentando de 64,7 em agosto para 64,9 em setembro deste ano. Os participantes da pesquisa relataram uma expansão em níveis quase recordes em novas encomendas e na produção, além de um retorno ao crescimento das vendas para exportação, diz a consultoria. “As empresas aumentaram a contratação e a atividade de compra, com um maior otimismo em relação à produção no futuro. Ao mesmo tempo, o aumento nos preços tanto de insumos quanto de produtos atingiu números recordes da pesquisa.” “Expansões mais rápidas nos índices de emprego e estoque de insumos e um aumento acentuado dos prazos médios de entrega propiciaram um movimento ascendente desta magnitude. O volume de pedidos aumentou acentuadamente em setembro, sendo o segundo ritmo mais forte na história da pesquisa (atrás somente de agosto).",INFO,pt,Valor Econômico
2020-10-01 06:37:33-05:00,O que você precisa saber e acompanhar nesta quinta,"Aqui estão as notícias para você começar o dia Reprodução Natura faz oferta de R$ 6,2 bi A Natura vai fazer uma oferta pública de 121,4 milhões de ações no Brasil e no exterior para “acelerar o crescimento” da companhia ao longo dos próximos três anos e “otimizar a estrutura de capital”, num processo de desalavancagem e redução do endividamento em dólares e da exposição à volatilidade da taxa de câmbio e altos custos de juros. A empresa fala também eliminar “obrigações contratuais restritivas”. A expectativa é que o preço da oferta seja fixado em 8 de outubro, com uma estimativa de captação de R$ 6,2 bilhões, com base com base no preço por ação de R$ 51,13 no fechamento de ontem. IBGE comunica Pesquisa Pulso Empresa da segunda quinzena de agosto O Instituto Brasileiro de Geografia e Estatística (IBGE) comunica, às 9h, a Pesquisa Pulso Empresa: Impacto da Covid-19 nas Empresas, referente à segunda quinzena de agosto. Dos 3,2 milhões de empresas em funcionamento na primeira quinzena de agosto, 38,6% informaram que a pandemia afetou negativamente suas atividades.",INFO,pt,Valor Econômico
2020-10-01 06:02:00-05:00,"Alemanha puxa atividade industrial da zona do euro, que tem a alta mais forte em dois anos","O PMI industrial do bloco econômico subiu para 53,7 pontos em setembro, vindo de 51,7 em agosto Alex Kraus/Bloomberg O Índice de Gerente de Compras (PMI, na sigla em inglês) industrial da zona do euro subiu para 53,7 pontos em setembro, de 51,7 em agosto, segundo dados divulgados nesta quinta-feira pela IHS Markit. O resultado veio em linha com a estimativa divulgada dias atrás. “A recuperação da manufatura da zona do euro ganhou impulso adicional em setembro, fechando o maior aumento trimestral na produção desde o primeiros meses de 2018”, disse em comunicado o economista-chefe da IHS Markit, Chris Williamson. O principal foi o PMI industrial da Alemanha, que subiu para 56,4 em setembro, de 52,2 em agosto, atingindo o maior nível em 26 meses. Leituras acima de 50 indicam expansão do setor, enquanto abaixo de 50 apontam contração. “A recuperação teria sido bem mais modesta sem a Alemanha, onde a produção subiu de forma especialmente acentuada para representar cerca de metade da expansão geral da região em setembro”, observou Williamson. “O desempenho da Alemanha contrastou fortemente com crescimento modesto da produção na Espanha, desacelerações na Itália e Áustria, além de um retorno particularmente preocupante à contração na Irlanda.",INFO,pt,Valor Econômico
2020-10-01 05:56:33-05:00,"Atividade industrial no Reino Unido mantém expansão, mas ritmo diminui","O PM industrial do país recuou para 54,1 pontos em setembro, vindo de 55,2 em agosto. Leituras acima de 50 indicam expansão do setor Chris Ratcliffe/Bloomberg O setor industrial do Reino Unido deu prosseguimento a sua recuperação após o colapso causado em março e abril pela pandemia de covid-19, mas o ritmo caiu. O Índice de Gerente de Compras (PMI, na sigla em inglês) industrial do Reino Unido recuou para 54,1 pontos em setembro, de 55,2 em agosto, segundo os dados da pesquisa IHS Markit /CIPS. O resultado também veio abaixo da estimativa preliminar, que era 54,3. Leituras acima de 50 indicam expansão do setor, enquanto abaixo de 50 apontam contração. Ao permanecer acima de 50, o PMI industrial do Reino Unido se manteve em território de expansão pelo quarto mês seguido, a sequência mais longa desde o começo de 2019, segundo a IHS Markit e o Instituto Chartered de Aquisições e Suprimentos (CIPS, na sigla em inglês). “A indústria fez um progresso sólido em direção à recuperação em setembro, com apenas um pequeno passo atrás de agosto e no maior nível em dois anos e meio”, disse em comunicado o diretor do CIPS, Duncan Brock. “O ímpeto por trás dessa recuperação está na liberação de projetos atrasados e mais pessoas voltando ao trabalho, mas o quadro geral de empregos escureceu significativamente.",INFO,pt,Valor Econômico
2020-10-01 03:36:30-05:00,UK manufacturers continue recovery from COVID-19 slump,"IHS Markit’s manufacturing PMI showed steady growth in output and new orders in September, although job losses continued for the eighth month in a row.",INFO,en,Yahoo Finance UK
2020-10-01 00:14:43-05:00,India's factory activity grew at fastest pace in over eight years in September,"BENGALURU: India's factory activity expanded at its fastest pace in over eight years in September as a relaxation in coronavirus lockdown restrictions drove a surge in demand and output, a private survey showed on Thursday, though layoffs continued. Signs of recovery are welcome news for Asia's third-largest economy, which is widely expected to mark its first full-year contraction since 1979 this year. The pandemic is spreading in India at the fastest pace in the world. The Nikkei Manufacturing Purchasing Managers' Index, compiled by IHS Markit, jumped to 56.8 in September from 52.0 in August, above the 50-level separating growth from contraction for a second straight month. It was the highest reading since January 2012. ""The Indian manufacturing industry continued to move in the right direction, with PMI data for September highlighting many positives. Due to loosened COVID-19 restrictions, factories went full steam ahead for production, supported by a surge in new work,"" noted Pollyanna De Lima, economics associate director at IHS Markit. ""While uncertainty about the COVID-19 pandemic remains, producers can at least for now enjoy the recovery."" A sub-index tracking output hit its highest since December 2007 and new orders expanded at the sharpest pace since February 2012, helped by both domestic and foreign demand which grew for the first time in seven months.",INFO,en,Economic Times India
2020-09-30 04:58:00-05:00,P/E Ratio Insights for IHS Markit,"Right now, IHS Markit Inc. (NYSE: INFO) share price is at $78.19, after a 0.94% gain. Moreover, over the past month, the stock …",INFO,en,Benzinga
2020-09-30 04:12:28-05:00,African Swine Fever Implications for Pork Trade,"Using our trade data to establish how new cases of African Swine Fever in Germany may affect trade. African Swine Fever is a virus that causes a haemorrhagic disease in pigs that is highly tenacious and fast spreading. Despite it not being an issue for humans who consume the pork, the high fatality rate and the need to cull huge numbers of swine to prevent the virus spread means vast consequences for the pork industry (i). The virus first began to spread in a big way when it was discovered in China in the summer of 2018. Since then it has spread through China, into Asia and now into Europe. Most recently was the confirmation of African Swine Fever (ASF) in Germany on 10 September 2020.(ii) As German authorities battle to get the virus under control, the pork industry is trying to assess how this new development will affect the global trade landscape. ASF has already significantly impacted the global trade of swine. China is a giant in the pork industry with pork being the countries primary animal protein and over half the world's supply of pigs being raised in China.",INFO,en,IHS Markit
2020-09-29 05:26:16-05:00,A Peek Into The Markets: US Stock Futures Flat; IHS Markit Earnings Top Views,"Pre-open movers U.S. stock futures traded mostly flat in early pre-market trade, after posting strong gains in the previous session as House Speaker Nancy Pelosi and Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin indicated they are moving forward with talks on a stimulus deal. Investors are awaiting earnings from McCormick & Company, Incorporated (NYSE: MKC ) and Micron Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ: MU ). Data on U.S. international trade in goods for August and wholesale inventories for August will be released at 8:30 a.m. ET. The S&P Corelogic Case-Shiller home price index for July will be released at 9:00 a.m. ET, while the Conference Board’s consumer confidence index for September is scheduled for release at 10:00 a.m. ET. Federal Reserve Bank of New York President John Williams is set to speak at 9:15 a.m. ET, while Philadelphia Fed President Patrick Harker will speak at 9:30 a.m. ET. Federal Reserve Vice Chairman Richard Clarida is set to speak at 11:40 a.m. ET, while Federal Reserve Vice Chairman Randal Quarles will speak at 1:00 …",INFO,en,Benzinga
2020-09-28 22:40:00-05:00,"Earnings Scheduled For September 29, 2020",Companies Reporting Before The Bell • IHS Markit (NYSE:INFO) is expected to report quarterly earnings at $0.69 per share on revenue of $1.07 …,INFO,en,Benzinga
2020-09-28 05:05:00-05:00,A Preview Of IHS Markit's Earnings,"IHS Markit (NYSE: INFO) releases its next round of earnings this Tuesday, September 29. Here's Benzinga's essential guide to IHS Markit's …",INFO,en,Benzinga
2020-09-23 21:20:05-05:00,Wall St ends lower on fears of slowing economy,"Wall Street's main indexes fell sharply on Wednesday after data showing a cooling of U.S. business activity and the stalemate in Congress over more fiscal stimulus heightened concerns about the economy while the coronavirus pandemic remains unchecked. The Nasdaq and S&P 500 fell more than 2%, and all 11 of the major S&P sectors closed lower. Energy - already the worst-performing sector this year - led the rout in its biggest single-day decline since July 9.[O/R] Hopes of a strong recovery and historic stimulus fueled the U.S. stock rally following the coronavirus-driven crash in March. But doubts over another relief bill and a sell-off in heavyweight technology-related stocks have weighed on sentiment since the market peaked on Sept. 2. Wednesday's plunge came six months to the day that U.S. stocks on March 23 tumbled to their lowest point during the pandemic-induced selloff. The economy is now leveling off at about 80% of activity before the pandemic and won't get back to normal until a vaccine is in place, said Jason Pride, chief investment officer of private wealth at Glenmede in Philadelphia. ""We're at that phase where it's harder to get that next bit of the recovery, that next bit of the reopening in place,"" Pride said. ""We're still doing it, but the progress is way slower than it was in the first three months of the reopening."" Investors are struggling to understand where to invest with mega-cap tech stocks trading well above their long-term fair value, but the deep-value stocks represent maturing industries, such as energy and brick-and-mortar banks, he said. ""We're spending more of our time in that sweet spot in the middle to get away from the extremes of growth,"" Pride said.",INFO,en,Economic Times India
2020-09-23 19:09:59-05:00,'Truly revolutionary': Elon Musk hails Tesla battery breakthrough,"Billionaire offers glimpse of EV firm's efforts to develop cheaper, more efficient battery cells at Tesla's AGM Elon Musk claims Tesla engineers have achieved a ""major breakthrough"" in battery technology, which he predicts could dramatically cut production costs, boost the range of electric vehicles and accelerate the shift towards renewable electricity. Among a raft of announcement at the EV giant's AGM in California on Wednesday, the billionaire said Tesla had developed a new means of manufacturing lithium ion batteries, which he said would enable the US firm to more rapidly scale up cell manufacturing in the coming years. Current costs of batteries were not coming down quickly enough to address the climate crisis and spur fast enough transition to EVs, he warned. But the ""truly revolutionary"" advancement - which the company has dubbed 'tabless' batteries - bolstered by more efficient raw material production, could halve Tesla's battery production costs per KWh, enabling Musk to realise his ""dream"" of bringing an affordable mass market EV to market.",INFO,en,BusinessGreen
2020-09-23 17:48:39-05:00,Bolsas dos EUA encerram em forte baixa com temores de desaceleração da economia,"Queridinhas de Wall Street, incluindo Apple, Alphabet e Amazon.com, caíram novamente a uma taxa superior às perdas do S&P 500. Bolsa de Nova York (NYSE), nos EUA Brendan McDermid/Reuters Os principais índices de Wall Street tiveram queda acentuada nesta quarta-feira (23), depois que dados mostrando esfriamento da atividade empresarial nos Estados Unidos e o impasse no Congresso por mais estímulos fiscais aumentaram preocupações sobre a economia, enquanto a pandemia de coronavírus permanece sem controle. Os índices Nasdaq e S&P 500 caíram mais de 2%, e todos os 11 principais setores do S&P fecharam em queda — com o de energia, segmento de pior performance neste ano, liderando a baixa. Esperanças de uma forte recuperação econômica e níveis históricos de estímulo alimentaram o rali nos mercados de ações dos EUA após o tombo causado pelo coronavírus em março. Mas dúvidas sobre outro projeto de lei para alívio aos efeitos do coronavírus e uma venda de ações relacionadas ao setor de tecnologia têm pesado desde que o mercado bateu seu pico recente, em 2 de setembro.",INFO,pt,Globo G1
2020-09-23 11:44:56-05:00,Bolsas da Europa se recuperam e fecham em alta,"Após a pior sessão para as ações da Europa em meses na segunda-feira (21), os investidores aproveitam a desvalorização dos papéis para ajustar posições Os índices acionários europeus fecharam a quarta-feira (23) em alta, mesmo diante de indicadores econômicos que apontaram para uma estabilização na recuperação econômica no continente. Após a pior sessão para as ações da Europa em meses na segunda-feira (21), os investidores aproveitam a desvalorização dos papéis e, desde ontem, ajustam posições. O índice Stoxx 600 Europe encerrou o dia com ganhos de 0,55%, aos 359,53 pontos, mas ainda acumula perdas de 2,51% nesta semana. O índice de referência da bolsa de Londres, o FTSE 100, avançou 1,20%, aos 5.899,26 pontos, enquanto, em Frankfurt, o DAX subiu 0,39%, encerrando o dia aos 12.642,97 pontos. Em Paris, o CAC 40 avançou 0,62%, a 4.802,26 pontos. Em Milão e Madrid, as referências subiram 0,18% e 0,08%, respectivamente. O ressurgimento dos casos de covid-19 pressionou as empresas ligadas ao setor dos serviços na Europa, apesar do segmento da indústria continuar reportando uma recuperação após fortes quedas na produção que sofreu principalmente em março e abril.",INFO,pt,Valor Econômico
2020-09-23 09:24:45-05:00,"EUA: Serviços desaceleram, mas indústria sustenta economia, diz IHS Markit","Índices PMI sinalizam atividade econômica sólida em setembro, mas economista alerta para riscos como novo avanço da covid-19 e incerteza com eleições A atividade econômica nos EUA apresenta um desempenho sólido neste mês de setembro, embora o setor de serviços tenha verificado uma desaceleração em relação a agosto. Segundo dados preliminares divulgados pela IHS Markit, o Índice de Gerente de Compras (PMI, na sigla em inglês) industrial subiu de 53,1 em agosto para 53,5 em setembro, nível mais alto em 20 meses, enquanto o de serviços caiu de 55,0 para 54,6 pontos, o mais baixo em dois meses. Leituras acima de 50 indicam expansão no setor, enquanto abaixo de 50 apontam contração. Ty Wright/Bloomberg De acordo com a estimativa da IHS Markit, o PMI composto, que reflete os dois setores, teve uma ligeira queda para 54,4 em setembro, de 54,6 em agosto, o resultado mais baixo em dois meses. Apesar da queda puxada pelo setor de serviços, o economista-chefe da IHS Markit, Chris Williamson, elogiou a solidez da atividade econômica dos EUA em meio à pandemia. “As empresas americanas relataram um final sólido para o terceiro trimestre, com a demanda crescendo a uma taxa cada vez mais acentuada para alimentar uma recuperação adicional da produção e do emprego”, afirmou por meio de comunicado. “Os dados da pesquisa, portanto, adicionam sinais de que a economia terá desfrutado de uma recuperação sólida no terceiro trimestre, após a queda do segundo trimestre”, complementou.",INFO,pt,Valor Econômico
2020-09-23 07:01:33-05:00,"Dólar abre em alta e volta a superar R$ 5,50","Na terça-feira, moeda norte-americana fechou em alta de 1,29%, cotada a R$ 5,46. Foto de arquivo mostra notas de dólar em Westminster, Colorado Reuters/Rick Wilking O dólar abriu novamente em alta nesta quarta-feira (23), sendo negociado acima de R$ 5,50. Às 9h03, a moeda norte-americana era cotada a R$ 5,5082, com alta de 0,73%. Veja mais cotações. Na terça-feira, o dólar fechou em alta de 1,29%, a R$ 5,4685. Com o resultado, a moeda passou a acumular queda de 0,23% no mês. No ano, a alta chega a 36,38%. Sardenberg: ‘Governo não teve ação efetiva no controle da economia’ Cenário local e externo No exterior, dados sobre a indústria melhores do que o esperado da zona do euro ajudavam a amenizar as preocupações com o avanço de novos casos de Covid-19. Os investidores se animaram com os dados que mostraram que a atividade do setor industrial alemão melhorou em setembro, com o PMI preliminar do IHS Markit subindo para 56,6, seu nível mais alto em mais de dois anos. Por aqui, o IBGE divulga hoje o resultado do IPCA-15 de setembro, considerado uma prévia da inflação oficial.",INFO,pt,Globo G1
2020-09-21 22:01:21-05:00,Fuel for Thought – The Evolving Global EV Landscape,"Automotive Monthly Newsletter and Podcast This month's theme: The Evolving Global EV Landscape LISTEN TO THIS PODCAST Global compliance is still a significant concern that governments will look to regulate and OEMs will continue to strive to achieve. Consumers play a large role in the direction and success of both sides of this equation with COVID having had its impact as well. It continues to be a complex situation depending on the market, with OEMs and other supply chain participants looking to find common ground to increase efficiencies and profitability. Below we will highlight some of the key considerations in each market. Mainland China In mainland China, the corporate average fuel consumption (CAFC) target will tighten from Phase 4 to Phase 5 in 2021, reducing market target reference from 5 L/100km to 4 L/100km. The more stringent CAFC standards also go along with new energy vehicle (NEV) requirements tightened for 2021-23 period (the ""Dual Credit"" policy). The overall mainland China market in 2020 has nearly 8 million CAFC credit deficits.",INFO,en,IHS Markit
2020-09-21 05:26:07-05:00,Ethane potential in Chinese LNG imports,"Ethylene is one of the most important links in the hydrocarbon value chain. It is used in the production of myriad chemicals, fibers, and plastics, most importantly polyethylene. As a large - and growing petrochemical hub - China is a major consumer of ethylene. It is also one of the world's largest producers of ethylene, but is still a net importer of this critical feedstock. China's fast-rising ethylene demand has unsurprisingly spurred a corresponding boom in domestic ethylene production capacity. Thus far, the vast majority of this capacity has relied on naphtha (a heavier liquid hydrocarbon), gasoil, or coal as a feedstock. This contrasts with the ethylene industries in North America and the Middle East, which overwhelmingly rely on ethane as a feedstock. Utilizing ethane as a feedstock for ethylene production has numerous advantages, both in terms of initial investment cost per unit as well as ethylene yield fraction. The issue in China has been securing adequate supply of ethane.",INFO,en,IHS Markit
2020-09-17 02:00:00-05:00,Exciting Changes to IHS Markit’s North America Coal Coverage,"At IHS Markit, we are enhancing our coal coverage in the US and Canada, through integrating coal market experts Doyle Trading Consultants into the service, renaming it North America Coal Market Service. This combines deep coverage of the North American market through our respected investigative journalism, with comprehensive industry analysis from an experienced team. Clients can rely on our timely coverage of the industry including earnings and key financial and operational data, available alongside rich industry insights, leading market commentary and price reporting, in-depth trends research, competitive fuels coverage and policy analysis. All of this is supported by an expanded data coverage, from mining production, to key prices, to historic earnings data, available through IHS Markit's flagship information delivery platform Connect™. These changes will take place before the end of October , and we will be communicating additional information to clients over the course of this period.",INFO,en,IHS Markit
2020-09-15 13:31:00-05:00,7 Best 5G Stocks for the Communication Revolution,"Telecommunications' long-awaited switch to 5G technology is well underway, prompting many investors to search for the best 5G stocks to leverage this trend. While it will be a growth category, set your expectations accordingly – just like actual users of the technology should early on. Washington Post technology columnist Geoffrey Fowler recently speed-tested 5G phones against old, clunky 4G phones. What it found was that the new phones weren't much faster than the new ones. Worse still, in some locations, 5G was slower . ""RootMetrics, a network-analysis firm owned by IHS Markit, said that in the first half of the year, median AT&T 5G speeds were 46 Mbps, only slightly faster than the 4G LTE speed of 43 Mbps,"" he writes. ""At T-Mobile, speeds increased more as a percentage, but its median 5G speed of 25 Mbps still can't even compete with its rivals' 4G LTE speeds. That's not what you want to hear when you're talking up a 5G revolution. Not in the slightest. But that reality is expected to change over the next few years as the technology progresses.",INFO,en,Kiplinger Washington Editors
2020-09-14 07:47:41-05:00,Understanding the 2020 Vehicle Buyer Journey,"As the global automotive industry recovers from the unparalleled COVID-19 disruption, questions remain surrounding consumer expectations, behaviors and optimal retail formats to drive a comeback. To address this, IHS Markit has conducted a one of a kind, global consumer survey, unique in that: Only consumers who actually bought a vehicle during the shutdown period were surveyed First-time buyer insights were captured and investigated Corresponding loyalty and conquest behaviors and rationale were analyzed This survey provides insight into: Understanding the customer's omnichannel journey to purchase and pain points Understanding how retail formats enabled or hindered the customer journey Understanding the customer's reasons for remaining or switching brands Understanding the customer's expectations for their next vehicle purchase Across seven markets - China, US, Germany, France, Italy, Spain, and UK - there are interesting differences to consider in prioritizing shorter-term tactical actions and setting longer-term strategies to improve customer engagement.",INFO,en,IHS Markit
2020-09-11 08:00:00-05:00,"605 Forms New Data Partnerships to Expand Leading Analytics and Attribution Capabilities, Improving Accuracy and Speed of Campaign Measurement","NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--605 today announced new data partnerships with Catalina, PlaceIQ and Polk Automotive Solutions by IHS Markit.",INFO,en,Business Wire
2020-09-10 07:43:08-05:00,Ethylene Market Outlook Considering the Impact of COVID-19,"With the planning cycle underway for several industry participants, it is an opportune time to review the outlook for the olefins markets for the next few years. The uncertainty that surrounds the industry given the pandemic crisis makes it even more important to understand what the future may hold. The quantitative work behind the 2021 World Analysis - Ethylene is complete, and a revised view of the supply and demand outlook considering the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic is now available to clients of this service. Introduction The new decade started on a challenging note. Global GDP is expected to contract by 5.6% in 2020, caused largely by the rapid and uncontrolled spread of COVID-19 globally in the first half of 2020. Most countries had to lock down, halt business activity, and impose strict social distancing measures. Air, sea, and road travel have been severely restricted, decreasing demand for transport fuel; leisure travel has been almost non-existent as countries have closed their borders, especially for air travel.",INFO,en,IHS Markit
2020-09-07 08:45:25-05:00,IHS Markit and Tokyo Stock Exchange combine exclusive market data,IHS Markit Securities Finance and Tokyo Stock Exchange (TSE) are combining mutually exclusive market data into a comprehensive short selling and stock loan dataset,INFO,en,SecuritiesLendingTimes
2020-09-07 00:36:23-05:00,"IHS Markit and Tokyo Stock Exchange to Combine Data, Creating a Unique Japanese Securities Finance Data Set","LONDON (7 September 2020) - IHS Markit Securities Finance and Tokyo Stock Exchange, Inc. (TSE) are combining mutually exclusive market data into a comprehensive and invaluable short selling and stock loan dataset. The combined IHS Markit and TSE dataset provides five years of historical data across 3,700 Japanese yen-denominated (JPY) equities - including inventory and lendable assets totaling 100 trillion yen and on-loan assets exceeding 15 trillion yen - with daily breakdowns of trading volume and trading value data(*) for all TSE-listed stocks. Mr. Keisuke Arai, director, information services at TSE explained, ""We are excited to be working with and developing market data solutions with IHS Markit. We think the combination of our exchange short data with IHS Markit's stock loan provides a unique view of Japan's equity market for investors and encourages their investment."" ""Our collaboration with TSE creates the industry's first dataset for analyzing short selling in tandem with securities finance flows, inventory and loan activity,"" said Paul Wilson, managing director and global head of Securities Finance at IHS Markit. ""We believe this dataset is an essential for anyone trading in Japan and looking to increase their alternative data and fundamental analysis factors.",INFO,en,IHS Markit
2020-09-06 22:54:33-05:00,Samsung bags its biggest $6.6bn network supply deal from Verizon,"Seoul, Sep 7 (IANS) Samsung Electronics on Monday said it will supply network equipment to US telecommunications giant Verizon for $6.6 billion which is the largest network equipment supply deal in the history of South Korean giant. Samsung said it will supply network solutions, including 5G, for the next five years until December 2025. The size of the deal is equivalent to 3.43 per cent of Samsung Electronics' sales of 230 trillion won 2019. Samsung has been trying to expand its 5G equipment customer pool in recent years. ""We are pleased to expand our long-standing partnership with Verizon to advance their next-generation network evolution. With this latest long-term strategic contract, we will continue to push the boundaries of 5G innovation to enhance mobile experiences for Verizon's customers,"" the company said in a statement. In addition to the US, Samsung has so far inked 5G equipment contracts in countries like Canada, New Zealand and Japan, reports Yonhap news agency. Industry insiders said the deal with the top US telecom operator will serve as a reference for Samsung to secure more network solutions orders in other major markets.",INFO,en,Sify.com
2020-09-04 01:10:33-05:00,The Wolfsberg Group – Developing an Effective AML/CTF Programme,"As of August 2020, Wolfsberg Group has released a statement encouraging authorities to adopt the FATF guidelines in accordance to mitigating the risk of AML (Anti-Money Laundering) and to implement appropriate measures in CTF (Combatting Terrorism Financing). Wolfsberg Group has outlined the following key procedures to be undertaken: Complying with AML/CTF laws and regulations. Providing highly useful information to relevant government agencies in defined priority areas. Establishing a reasonable and risk-based set of controls to mitigate the risks of a Financial Institution (FI) being used to facilitate illicit activity. In addition to the general guidance provided, Wolfsberg Group has pinpointed their focus on Financial Institutions (FIs), detailing five key areas to help improve their AML/CTF programs: Assess Risk in Defined Priority Areas FIs should ensure they are consulting all resources in identifying risk, as opposed to just relying on their countries jurisdictions to provide transparency on risk in financial crime areas.",INFO,en,IHS Markit
2020-09-03 18:36:59-05:00,Los rebrotes golpean al turismo y frustran una recuperación rápida,"A medida que expira la parte mollar de la temporada turística y comienzan a salir algunos indicadores económicos, se constata que la recuperación del PIB en verano no será tan rápida como se preveía debido al estado crítico del turismo. El sector, que es el motor de la economía española y mueve un 13% del empleo, ha recabado peores datos en julio de lo previsto y organismos y casas de análisis ya descuentan una revisión a la baja de las previsiones, cifrando que el turismo está al 30% de su capacidad operativa y se ha visto seriamente afectado por los rebrotes de contagios de coronavirus que se han sucedido en verano, con las consiguientes restricciones de algunos de los principales países emisores de turistas para España. Una realidad que se vio negro sobre blanco ayer. El presidente de CEOE, Antonio Garamendi, presentó una batería de medidas para el sector entre las que figuran bajar el IVA de estos servivios al 7% y extender los ERTE hasta la próxima temporada turística de verano, si bien lamentó que con solo ampliarlos «ya no vale» y es necesario mayores ayudas al sector.",INFO,es,ABC Spain
2020-09-03 11:23:36-05:00,"Setor de serviços permanece em contração em agosto, diz IHS Markit","O Índice de Gerentes de Compras (PMI, na sigla em inglês) de serviços para o Brasil registrou 49,5 no mês, acima do valor observado em julho, mas ainda abaixo da marca de 50 Apesar de melhora marginal, o setor de serviços brasileiro permaneceu no campo contracionista em agosto, aponta a consultoria IHS Markit. O Índice de Gerentes de Compras (PMI, na sigla em inglês) de serviços para o Brasil registrou 49,5 no mês, feitos os ajustes sazonais, acima do valor de 42,5 observado em julho, mas ainda abaixo da marca de 50, o que aponta retração da atividade. ""Apesar dessa ter sido a melhor leitura desde fevereiro, os dados mais recentes estenderam o atual período de contração para seis meses"", diz o relatório. Segundo a Markit, os serviços se contraíram em agosto porque a pandemia de covid-19 seguiu pesando sobre o setor. As empresas continuaram relatando que a situação global estava pressionando a atividade, com algumas unidades sendo fechadas devido a níveis baixos de entrada de novos negócios. ""Porém, houve alguns desenvolvimentos positivos no que se refere à demanda, já que os níveis de novos trabalhos aumentaram pela primeira vez em seis meses"", observa a Markit. ""O crescimento foi modesto, mas as empresas mencionaram uma retomada estável da atividade de mercado e indicações de uma melhoria na demanda."" Os ganhos, contudo, foram especificamente impulsionados por clientes nacionais, com as empresas sinalizando outra deterioração acentuada de novas vendas para exportação.",INFO,pt,Valor Econômico
2020-09-03 06:32:02-05:00,Indicador mostra mostra estagnação de serviços em agosto na zona do euro,"Índice PMI recuou para 50,5, o que sugere abrandamento da recuperação após colapso causado por pandemia O setor de serviços da zona do euro cresceu de forma residual em agosto, de acordo com dados publicados nesta quinta-feira pela IHS Markit, um sinal do abrandamento da recuperação após o colapso causado pela pandemia de covid-19. Matéria exclusiva para assinantes. Para ter acesso completo, acesse o link da matéria e faça o seu cadastro.",INFO,pt,Valor Econômico
2020-09-03 03:32:22-05:00,"UK Final Services PMI misses estimates with 58.8 in August, GBP/USD stays below 1.33","The UK services sector activity expanded less-than-expected in August, the final report from IHS Markit confirmed this Thursday. The seasonally adjust",INFO,en,FXStreet
2020-09-03 02:04:00-05:00,La actividad económica de China aceleró su expansión en agosto gracias a la industria,"Lo que representa el segundo incremento más rápido desde diciembre de 2010, solo superado por el dato del pasado mes de junio, según IHS Markit y Caixin",INFO,es,El Confidencial
2020-09-02 16:40:32-05:00,Auto segment leaders plan to put output in top gear in the next few months,"Mumbai: Maruti Suzuki, Hero MotoCorp and Mahindra & Mahindra — No. 1 in cars, two-wheelers and tractors, respectively — are planning a surge in production over the next few months, marking a revival from the lockdown months and a poor FY20, said people with knowledge of the matter. Experts said demand is rising for personal transport because of Covid distancing norms while a good harvest thanks to a normal monsoon has boosted farm incomes.Maruti Suzuki is asking vendors to prepare for a record output of as much as 193,000 units in October, more than July despatches by the overall market. The company’s previous peak monthly production was 182,000 units in May 2018. Hero MotoCorp is planning an all-time high production of up to 800,000 units in October-November while Mahindra & Mahindra is looking at producing 36,000 tractors this month ahead of Dussehra and Diwali. Hero MotoCorp’s last peak was 765,000 units in September 2018.“We continue to see very robust demand for all our tractors and, in preparation for the upcoming festive season, we will continue to produce at peak capacity in our plants,” said Hemant Sikka, president of farm equipment at Mahindra & Mahindra.Sales RevivalSikka declined to give specific numbers. “Supply chain continues to be challenging but has eased out in the last few weeks.”A Maruti Suzuki spokesperson said: “We do not give any guidance on volume production.” Hero MotoCorp didn’t respond to queries.77902117Maruti Suzuki’s tentative production schedule with vendors suggests that it’s looking at production of 155,000-158,000 units in September and 190,000-193,000 units in October.",INFO,en,Economic Times India
2020-09-01 16:04:30-05:00,"Em NY, S&P 500 e Nasdaq renovam recordes com dados positivos do setor industrial","O S&P 500 fechou em alta de 0,75%, a 3.526,65 pontos, e o Nasdaq subiu 1,39%, a 11.939,67 pontos; já o Dow Jones avançou 0,76% O S&P 500 e o Nasdaq voltaram a anotar recordes de fechamento sincronizados na primeira sessão de setembro, com o índice amplo de Wall Street retomando os ganhos após a divulgação de dados positivos do setor manufatureiro americano. Nesta terça-feira (1º de setembro), o S&P 500 fechou em alta de 0,75%, a 3.526,65 pontos, enquanto o Nasdaq subiu 1,39%, a 11.939,67 pontos, com ambos os índices renovando suas máximas históricas. O Dow Jones, por sua vez, avançou 0,76%, a 28.645,66 pontos. O índice de gerentes de compras (PMI, na sigla em inglês) para o setor manufatureiro do Instituto para a Gestão de Oferta (ISM) subiu a 56 pontos no mês anterior, superando a expectativa de consenso, de leitura a 55 pontos. Já o indicador semelhante do instituto IHS Markit avançou a 53,1 pontos em agosto, ficando ligeiramente abaixo da expectativa, de 53,5 pontos. Os índices confirmaram que o setor industrial segue em recuperação, com o PMI do ISM indicando o terceiro mês consecutivo de expansão da atividade em agosto.",INFO,pt,Valor Econômico
2020-09-01 09:25:37-05:00,Bolsas em NY operam em alta com dados positivos de manufatura nos EUA,"Apesar das boas notícias no cenário macroeconômico, são as ações das grandes empresas, em especial Apple e Amazon, que seguem sustentando o bom humor Os índices acionários em Nova York iniciaram o mês de setembro - que é sazonalmente o pior para as ações em Wall Street - operando em alta, impulsionados pela divulgação de indicadores de atividade da manufatura nesta terça-feira. O índice de gerentes de compras (PMI, na sigla em inglês) do instituto IHS Markit para o setor da manufatura subiu a 53,1 pontos em agosto, de 50,9 em julho e expectativa de 53,5 pontos. Outro indicador semelhante, do Instituto para a Gestão de Oferta (ISM), subiu a 56 pontos no mês anterior, de 54,2 em julho e expectativa de consenso do mercado de 55 pontos. Apesar das boas notícias no cenário macroeconômico, são as ações das grandes empresas do mercado americano, em especial da Apple (+1,75%) e da Amazon (+1,28%), que seguem sustentando o bom humor dos investidores. O índice de tecnologia Nasdaq registrou mais um recorde intradiário no início da sessão.",INFO,pt,Valor Econômico
2020-09-01 08:19:41-05:00,"Índice de atividade industrial no Brasil sobe a 64,7 em agosto, diz IHS Markit","PMI segue pelo terceiro mês seguido acima da marca que indica expansão da atividade, após recordes de baixa em abril e maio O Índice de Gerentes de Compras (PMI, na sigla em inglês) industrial do Brasil se fortaleceu em agosto, registrando 64,7 em agosto após o ajuste para fatores sazonais, em comparação com o valor de 58,2 observado em julho, informou a IHS Markit. A leitura mais recente do PMI foi “sem precedentes na história da pesquisa e o índice registrou acima da marca de 50,0, indicativa de ausência de mudanças, por três meses consecutivos, após os recordes de baixa observados em abril e maio relacionados com a paralisação”, diz o relatório. “A economia industrial brasileira manteve um impulso positivo considerável em agosto, com novos recordes de aumento sendo registrados nos volumes de produção, de novos pedidos e de compras. Foram relatados fortalecimentos na demanda e na atividade do mercado interno em sintonia com a recuperação observada após a paralisação causada pela pandemia do coronavírus de 2019 (covid-19).",INFO,pt,Valor Econômico
2020-09-01 08:17:14-05:00,Los rebrotes cortaron en agosto la recuperación de la actividad manufacturera en España,"El crecimiento de la actividad manufacturera en España se interrumpió en agosto como consecuencia de los rebrotes del covid-19 y la incertidumbre, según refleja la encuesta PMI, que retrocedió a 49,9 puntos desde los 53,5 de julio, un nivel que indica un estancamiento del sector, donde los recortes de empleo continuaron por decimosexto mes consecutivo, según IHS Markit. Seguir leyendo… .",INFO,es,El Periodico
2020-09-01 08:08:49-05:00,Bolsas da Europa operam mistas entre dados positivos e pressão do câmbio,"Indicadores sugerem que recuperação econômica do bloco desacelerou em agosto, mas ainda tem bom ritmo; euro e libra pesam sobre ações de exportadoras As bolsas da Europa operam sem direção única nesta terça-feira, com os investidores avaliando uma série de dados europeus de atividade, que indicam que a recuperação econômica do bloco desacelerou um pouco em agosto, mas continuou a um ritmo firme. O FTSE 100, índice de referência da bolsa de Londres, é o destaque negativo da sessão, recuando 1,32%, a 5.884,68 pontos, perto de 10h05, com as ações das exportadoras britânicas sob pressão da forte alta da libra frente ao dólar. A moeda britânica operava em alta de 0,71%, a US$ 1,3463. O euro também avança frente ao dólar, pressionando as ações europeias, mas a um ritmo mais moderado, subindo 0,46%, a US$ 1,1992. O índice pan-europeu Stoxx Europe 600 oscilava em torno da estabilidade, em alta de apenas 0,02%, a 366,58 pontos. O DAX, de Frankfurt, subia 0,41%, a 12.998,61 pontos, e o CAC 40 de Paris oscilava entre ganhos e perdas, subindo 0,08% no mesmo horário, a 4.951,04 pontos.",INFO,pt,Valor Econômico
2020-09-01 03:39:59-05:00,Industrie in Eurozone im Aufwind,"""Vor allem der Maschinen- und Anlagenbau leidet nach wie vor unter der geringen Investitionsbereitschaft"", sagt Smith. Die Industrie der Eurozone und ihrer größten Volkswirtschaft Deutschland bleibt in der Wachstumsspur. Der Einkaufsmanagerindex für die Währungsunion fiel zwar im August minimal um 0,1 auf 51,7 Punkte, wie das Institut IHS Markit am Dienstag unter Berufung auf seine monatliche Umfrage unter Tausenden Unternehmen mitteilte. Damit hält sich das Barometer aber über der Wachstumsschwelle von 50. ""Die Industrie befindet sich zwar gerade in einem Nachfragehoch, doch die Kapazitäten werden weiter reduziert"", erläuterte Markit-Chefvolkswirt Chris Williamson. ""Bei der Beurteilung, wie nachhaltig der Aufschwung tatsächlich ist, sind die Daten der nächsten Monate von entscheidender Bedeutung."" Auch die deutsche Industrie bleibt auf Kurs: Hier kletterte das Barometer um 1,2 auf 52,2 Punkte, den besten Wert seit fast zwei Jahren. ""Deutschlands Industrie macht weiter verlorenen Boden gut"", betonte Markit-Ökonom Phil Smith.",INFO,de,KURIER Medienhaus
2020-09-01 03:02:23-05:00,La recuperación del sector industrial español se estanca en agosto por los rebrotes,"La recuperación del sector manufacturero español se estancó en agosto tras haber vuelto a crecer en julio, según el índice PMI de la consultora Markit, que apunta a los recientes aumentos de casos de contagios por coronavirus como una de las causas de este cambio de tendencia. En concreto, el índice retrocedió a 49,9 puntos desde los 53,5 de julio, un nivel que indica un estancamiento del sector, donde los recortes de empleo continuaron por decimosexto mes consecutivo. Según el informe publicado este martes, los nuevos pedidos se mantuvieron prácticamente iguales frente a julio, lo que se tradujo en un aumento mucho más lento de la producción, menos compras de las empresas y reducción de empleo. «La recuperación del sector manufacturero español se detuvo en agosto», constató Andrew Harker, economista de IHS Markit, quien apuntó que la escasez de nuevos pedidos fue el principal motivo de preocupación en medio de la fluctuación de la demanda, aunque las empresas «aún mantienen la esperanza de que se produzca una mejora gradual durante los próximos doce meses».",INFO,es,ABC Spain
2020-09-01 02:09:24-05:00,China acelera su actividad manufacturera en agosto a máximos desde 2011,"La expansión de la actividad manufacturera de China se aceleró en agosto hasta máximos desde enero de 2011 ante el impulso de la demanda internacional tras levantarse las medidas de confinamiento, según refleja el índice PMI, elaborado por IHS Markit y Caixin, que subió a 53,1 puntos desde los 52,8 del mes anterior. El incremento de la actividad manufacturera china en agosto refleja el aumento observado en la producción y en los nuevos pedidos, que crecieron al ritmo más pronunciado desde principios de 2011. En particular, los fabricantes registraron el primer aumento en las nuevas ventas de exportación desde diciembre de 2019. Este incremento de la producción y de los nuevos pedidos permitió la estabilización del empleo en las fábricas chinas, donde la caída del número de trabajadores fue la más lenta en lo que llevamos de 2020 y algunas empresas aumentaron su plantilla debido al aumento de la carga de trabajo. ""En general, continuó la recuperación económica posterior a la epidemia en el sector manufacturero"", señaló Wang Zhe, economista senior de Caixin Insight Group, quien destacó la expansión de la oferta y la demanda gracias al repunte de la demanda extranjera.",INFO,es,ABC Spain
2020-08-31 22:09:51-05:00,"China’s exports surging despite tariffs, corona","By Keith BradsherZHONGSHAN: This was supposed to be the year that China’s export machine began to stall. President Donald Trump had imposed broad tariffs on Chinese goods. Countries like Japan and France pushed companies to shift production from China. The pandemic had crippled China’s factories by the end of January.Instead, China Inc. has come roaring back.After reopening in late February and early March, China’s factories began an export blitz that is still gaining steam. Exports soared in July to their second-highest level ever, nearly matching the record-setting Christmas rush last December. The country has grabbed a much larger share of global markets this summer from other manufacturing nations, entrenching a dominance in trade that could last long after the world begins to recover from the pandemic.China is showing its export machine cannot be stopped — not by the coronavirus and not by the Trump administration. Its resilience lies not only in the country’s low-cost, skilled labor and efficient infrastructure but also in a state-controlled banking system that has been offering small and large businesses extra loans to cope with the pandemic.The pandemic has also found China better placed than other exporting nations.",INFO,en,Economic Times India
2020-08-25 05:58:40-05:00,"David Goggins joins IHS Markit as Vice President, Automotive Strategy and Industry Insights","Today IHS Markit announced it has hired senior industry executive David Goggins in the newly created role of Vice President, Automotive Strategy and Industry Insights. Goggins will lead the transformation of its Automotive business to address the rapidly changing needs of its global customers. In this role, he will help to shape future strategy, products and services for IHS Markit customers while optimizing current business and strengthening client relationships as the industry prepares for upcoming dramatic change. Goggins brings 30 years of global OEM experience to IHS Markit, having worked with premium and volume brands including BMW, Audi, Land Rover, Bentley, Volkswagen and MINI in a variety of leadership roles across Europe, North America and most recently Asia. He has held various senior roles in general management, sales operations, retail, product planning, strategy and marketing. Read full release",INFO,en,IHS Markit
2020-08-25 00:22:03-05:00,Possible contracts suspensions in Mexico can make Pemex save $650 million,"As soon as the crisis hit the Mexican oil market, a reaction was expected from Pemex, the country's main operator. As companies around the world were cutting investments, revising portfolios, postponing contracts, the national company took a different approach and stick to the plan to recover the Mexican oil production curve maintaining its original investment program. But it didn't take too long to the company realize that some extra measures would have to be taken. At the height of the crisis, in April, with a record debt of $105 billion dollars, falling sales and the Mexican barrel reaching negative values for a moment, Pemex announced a cut in investments for 2020 equivalent to 15% of the original value. A number that, despite being important for the company´s financial situation in the short-term, can hugely impact the local supply chain, historically dependent on contracts with the oil company. The offshore services market was the first to be hit by the company's budget readjustment.",INFO,en,IHS Markit
2020-08-24 10:39:46-05:00,El PIB del mundo desarrollado menguará hasta un 5% en 10 años por el Covid-19,IHS Markit augura daños a largo plazo en el sector de los viajes y el entretenimiento,INFO,es,Cinco Dias El Pais
2020-08-21 11:43:22-05:00,Bolsas da Europa fecham em queda após dados econômicos aquém do esperado,"O índice pan-europeu Stoxx 600 fechou em queda de 0,15%, e o DAX, da Alemanha, recuou 0,51% As ações europeias fecharam a sessão desta sexta-feira (21) em queda leve, com investidores avaliando dados econômicos e o ressurgimento de casos de covid-19 no continente. Também no pano de fundo, os agentes se veem em meio a novas preocupações sobre o potencial de uma saída forçada do Reino Unido da União Europeia até o final do ano. O índice pan-europeu Stoxx 600 fechou em queda de 0,15%, aos 365,09 pontos. Regionalmente, o DAX, índice de referência da Alemanha, recuou 0,51%, com 12.764,80 pontos. Em Paris, o CAC 40 caiu 0,30%, a 4.896,33 pontos, enquanto o FTSE 100, de Londres, cedeu 0,19%, a 6.001,89 pontos. Em Madri, o IBEX 35 cedeu 0,16% e, em Milão, o FTSE MIB desvalorizou 0,36%. A falta de otimismo dos investidores por ativos europeus é atribuída a sinais de desaceleração na recuperação econômica do continente, indicada nos índices de gerentes de compras (PMIs, na sigla em inglês) do IHS Markit nesta manhã, e ao recente crescimento no número de casos de covid-19 na região.",INFO,pt,Valor Econômico
2020-08-21 07:36:53-05:00,Indústria e serviços têm melhor nível de atividade em quase 7 anos no Reino Unido,"Índice PMI composto preliminar de agosto subiu para 60,3, de 57,0 em julho A reabertura da economia do Reino Unido após os bloqueios para conter o novo coronavírus fez a atividade empresarial ter o melhor mês em quase sete anos, mostraram os dados preliminares do índice de gerentes de compras (PMI, na sigla em inglês) da IHS Markit. A leitura inicial do PMI composto, que abrange os setores de serviços e manufatura, disparou para uma alta de quase sete anos de 60,3, após 57,0 em julho, muito acima do limite de 50,0 que separa a contração do crescimento. Economistas consultados pelo “The Wall Street Journal“ esperavam uma leitura de 56,4. “Houve sinais encorajadores de que os provedores de serviços voltados para o cliente começaram a acompanhar a recuperação vista no início deste verão em toda a economia”, disse Tim Moore, diretor de economia da IHS Markit, que compila a pesquisa. Moore citou uma nova flexibilização das medidas de bloqueio e o esquema governamental ""Eat Out to Help Out"", que subsidia refeições em restaurantes, como algo que ajudou a impulsionar o crescimento em agosto.",INFO,pt,Valor Econômico
2020-08-21 07:28:03-05:00,"Petróleo opera em queda, pressionado por indicadores na Europa e alta do dólar","Incerteza sobre demanda pela commodity continua a despertar receios entre os investidores Os preços do petróleo operam em queda nesta sexta-feira, já que as incertezas sobre a pandemia da covid-19 no cenário global de demanda pela commodity continuam a despertar receios entre os investidores. Hoje, a desaceleração nos índices de gerentes de compras (PMIs, na sigla em inglês) na zona do euro e o fortalecimento do dólar são dois fatores contrários aos preços do petróleo. Por volta de 9h15, na Bolsa de Mercadorias de Nova York (Nymex), os contratos futuros do West Texas Intermediate (WTI) para o mês de outubro operavam em queda de 1,24%, aos US$ 42,29 o barril. Já os futuros do Brent para o mesmo mês recuavam 1,16%, negociados a US$ 44,38 o barril na ICE, em Londres. No acumulado semanal, a referência americana registra ganhos de 0,74%, enquanto a referência global recua 1,05%. A leitura preliminar do PMI (índice de gestores de compras) composto da zona do euro da IHS Markit caiu para o menor patamar em dois meses em agosto, para 51,6, face a 54,9 pontos em julho.",INFO,pt,Valor Econômico
2020-08-21 05:21:00-05:00,Wirtschaft: Erholung der Wirtschaft in Deutschland verliert an Schwung,"London (dpa) - Die Erholung der Wirtschaft in Deutschland und der Eurozone hat im August etwas an Schwung verloren. Nach einer deutlichen Verbesserung im Juli fiel der sogenannte Einkaufsmanagerindex, der Geschäfte von Industrie und Dienstleistern erfasst, im August in Deutschland um 1,6 Punkte auf 53,7 Zähler, wie das Forschungsunternehmen IHS Markit in London mitteilte. Die Ökonomen begründeten dies mit einem Dämpfer im Dienstleistungssektor. Für die Eurozone wurde ein Rückgang um 3,3 Punkte auf 51,6 Zähler gemeldet. Analysten hatten im Schnitt mit einem geringfügigen Anstieg des Konjunkturbarometers gerechnet. Markit begründete den aktuellen Rückschlag mit einer schwachen Nachfrage und steigenden Corona-Infektionen. Die Dienstleister hätten darunter stark gelitten, während die Industrie kräftige Zuwächse bei Aufträgen und Produktion verzeichnet habe. Nachdem der Index in Deutschland im Zuge derWiederöffnung der Wirtschaft drei Monate hintereinander stark zugelegt habe, zeige der Rückgang im August, dass der Aufschwung leicht an Dynamik verloren habe, sagte Markit-Ökonom Phil Smith. «Die Abkühlung betraf allerdings einzig und allein denDienstleistungssektor, der wegen der schwachen Binnennachfrage infolge der neuerlichen Reisebeschränkungen und der weiter sinkendenGesamtbeschäftigung nahezu stagnierte.» Der Industrie gehe es vergleichsweise gut, zumindest was die Entwicklung bei Produktion und Auftragseingang betreffe, die so stark zulegten wie seit zweieinhalb Jahren nicht mehr, hieß es.",INFO,de,Westfalen-Blatt
2020-08-21 03:55:31-05:00,La actividad retrocede en Francia y Alemania en agosto y siembra más dudas sobre una rápida recuperación,"El crecimiento de la actividad del sector privado en Alemania y Francia se ha desacelerado significativamente en agosto como consecuencia del peso que la evolución negativa del mercado laboral y los rebrotes del virus están teniendo en la demanda doméstica, según los datos preliminares del índice de gestores de compra (PMI) elaborado por IHS Markit. En el caso de Alemania, el PMI compuesto se ha situado en agosto en 53,7 puntos, frente a los 55,3 de julio, su mínimo de los dos últimos meses, después de que el índice de actividad del sector servicios se haya situado en 50,8 puntos desde los 55,6 de julio, mientras que el índice PMI manufacturero ha subido a 53 puntos, frente a los 51 del mes anterior. «Los resultados preliminares de agosto muestran que la recuperación ha perdido algo de impulso», ha explicado Phil Smith, economista de IHS Markit, al referirse a los datos de Alemania, donde la desaceleración se centró en el sector de servicios como consecuencia de las nuevas restricciones a los viajes y la disminución del empleo, «lo que sigue socavando los demanda».",INFO,es,ABC Spain
2020-08-21 03:04:00-05:00,Zone euro : ralentissement de la croissance dans le secteur privé en août,"21/08/2020 10:04:00 - (AOF) - L'activité dans le secteur privé de la zone euro a été moins dynamique que prévu en août, selon une estimation flash du bureau d'études IHS Markit. Ainsi, l'indice des directeurs d'achat (PMI) Composite, qui pr…",INFO,fr,Boursorama
2020-08-21 02:47:40-05:00,Deutsche Wirtschaft büßt im August an Dynamik ein,"Der Sammelindex für die Produktion in der Privatwirtschaft - Industrie und Dienstleister zusammen - sank auf 53,7 Zähler von 55,3 im Vormonat, wie das IHS Markit Institut im Zuge der ersten Veröffentlichung mitteilte. Während das Wachstum im Industriesektor weiter zulegte, schwächte es sich im Dienstleistungsbereich überraschend deutlich ab.",INFO,de,Finanzen AT
2020-08-19 18:00:58-05:00,IHS Markit: Energy Storage Market to Rebound in 2020 Despite COVID-19 Challenges,"IHS Markit has increased its energy storage forecasts, expecting a fivefold rise in annual installations from 2019 to 2025. The post IHS Markit: Energy Storage Market to Rebound in 2020 Despite COVID-19 Challenges appeared first on Investing News Network .",INFO,en,Investing News Network
2020-08-18 09:20:00-05:00,Buybacks Storm Back: Here Are The Companies Announcing A Return To Stock Repurchases,"Buybacks Storm Back: Here Are The Companies Announcing A Return To Stock Repurchases Tyler Durden Tue, 08/18/2020 - 10:20 Three months ago, we showed that contrary to conventional wisdom and corporate reps and warranties that buybacks had been put on hold for the duration of the covid pandemic, not only were companies still repurchasing their shares but it was the tech names - those who have stormed higher since the March lows - that were the biggest culprits. Then, about two months after we first unveiled Wall Street's worst kept secret, the Financial Times also noticed that Corporate America is finding it hard to kick the share buyback habit, even after the US slipped into its worst recession in decades. Citing Credit Suisse statistics, the FT notes that while total buybacks are indeed expected to drop this year as the downturn caused by coronavirus saps corporate profits, companies in the S&P 500 that have reported second-quarter earnings so far have reduced the number of their outstanding shares by an average of 0.3 per cent from the previous quarter .","INTC,INCO,INFO",en,Zero Hedge
2020-08-12 00:29:03-05:00,Allianz Global Investors Selects thinkFolio Managed Service to Drive Global Fixed Income Platform Evolution,"Allianz Global Investors , a leading active asset manager, has adopted IHS Markit's leading investment management platform, thinkFolio , as the strategic decision support solution for its global fixed income business. The firm will leverage thinkFolio as a managed service hosted on the Amazon Web Services (AWS) cloud. Allianz GIobal Investors' fixed income team, responsible for managing EUR 193 billion, has broadened and deepened its capabilities significantly over many years and recently evolved its business model into an integrated, global structure. As part of this evolution, the organization is embarking on an ambitious plan to enhance and enrich the decision support platform and toolkit for its global portfolio management and cross-functional investment teams. thinkFolio will provide Allianz Global Investors with enhanced decision support, portfolio modelling and trade generation. As part of the managed service delivery of thinkFolio, IHS Markit will manage upgrades and real-time feeds, and execute overnight data loads and start-of-day processes. ""We are very happy to have selected thinkFolio as our decision support tool for fixed income at Allianz Global Investors.",INFO,en,IHS Markit
2020-08-12 00:25:49-05:00,SEC to Consider Revamping their Approach to Pricing Cross-Trades: The IHS Markit Perspective,"On June 1, 2020, the Securities and Exchange Commission (""SEC"")'s Fixed Income Market Structure Advisory Committee (""FIMSAC"")'s Technology and Electronic Trading Subcommittee (""Subcommittee"") recommended , among other things, revising the Commission's approach to pricing ""cross-trades."" Cross-trades occur when an investment adviser causes the purchase and sale between two accounts under its management. Because of the risk of self-dealing the SEC under its rule 17a-7(b) (in effect since 1981 ), the SEC has imposed a number of restrictions on cross-trades. Most notably, from the Subcommittee's perspective, is the limitation on the price at which these cross-trades can be executed, i.e. the ""current market price"" which is further restricted for bonds to the ""the average of the highest current independent bid and lowest current independent offer determined on the basis of reasonable inquiry,"" i.e. the rule 17a-7 ""price restriction."" This pricing restriction has proven difficult to meet and, is in fact, a more difficult standard to meet than the rule 17a-7 pricing for trades involving institutional clients where the price must be ""the most favorable under the circumstances."" The result is that rule 17a-7 has discouraged cross-trades for bonds leading investment advisers to execute such transactions competitively and therefore imposing related transaction costs.",INFO,en,IHS Markit
2020-08-10 09:53:18-05:00,IHS Markit reports $907m in July securities lending revenue,Global securities lending returns for July increased 1.4 percent year-on-year reports IHS Markit,INFO,en,SecuritiesLendingTimes
2020-08-10 05:10:21-05:00,Démarrage décevant pour l'indice des CDS verts,"MSCI et IHS Markit avaient lancé en juin un indice CDS vert, destiné aux investisseurs qui voulaient se couvrir contre les risques des emprunteurs verts. Mais celui-ci peine à décoller.",INFO,fr,Les Echos
2020-08-07 04:52:30-05:00,SEC’s 13F Proposal – Issuer and Investor Analysis,"Executive Summary IHS Markit analyzed the 3000 largest companies in the United States to identify which issuers and investors would be most affected by the SEC's proposal to increase the 13F threshold to $3.5B. At an issuer level, we found that micro cap and Energy companies would be most severely affected, while mega cap and Utilities companies would see the least impact. At an investor level, we found the proposal would noticeably impact alternative and high turnover investors, while index and low turnover investors would see little impact. Finally, we looked at activist investors and found that 86% of them would no longer be required to file 13F's. The analysis below is a follow up to our initial article written on July 13th which examined the proposals impact on issuers top-100 shareholder lists. Recap of the SEC Proposal The proposal states that investment managers with less than $3.5 billion in U.S. stockholdings would no longer need to reveal the details of their portfolios. Those details include the number of shares held in a company and the value of those holdings at quarter's end.",INFO,en,IHS Markit
2020-08-07 04:15:55-05:00,Capital Markets Weekly: Argentina and Ecuador successfully progressing debt restructuring,"This week's key development has been the 97.85% acceptance by bondholders of Ecuador's debt restructuring proposals, and Argentina's agreement with its three key bondholder groups, which should now permit the achievement of qualifying majorities to approve restructuring. Argentina and Ecuador debt restructuring On 3 August, Ecuador announced that 97.85% of bondholders had accepted its proposals for debt exchange, with exchange slated for completion by 20 August. On the same day, Argentinean media reported that the government had made an improved offer to creditors, worth around a net present value of 54.8%, versus 53% in its prior proposal. On 4 August, Argentina's Ministry of Finance issued a statement that it had reached agreement with the country's three main creditor groups, allowing them ""to support Argentina's debt restructuring proposal and grant Argentina significant debt relief"". The new proposal alters certain payment dates to increase the overall net present value for investors, with Argentina offering a further extension to 24 August to permit bondholders to accept the new terms.",INFO,en,IHS Markit
2020-08-06 00:36:47-05:00,Article: Russian soft drinks industry asks for aid to maintain production,"The country's main industry representative has asked for an import duty reset for some raw materials and ingredients necessary to manufacture soft drinks. Specifically, the Russian Union of Soft Drinks Producers (SPBN) has requested that the government reset import duties on frozen ingredients, mixtures of vegetable fats, sugars and fruit purées. The Union asked the revision to last for a period of one and a half to two years to prevent domestic price increases, to maintain domestic production and protect workforces. ""According to the experience of the crises of 2008 and 2014, this is precisely the period required to adapt the industry, population and business to new currency exchanges and economic realities,"" the Union said. The SPBN said that, in connection with the spread of Covid19, changes in exchange rates and other factors seen in the beginning of 2020, manufacturers and importers predict significant changes in the economic situation. In previous crises (2008-09 and 2014-15), the number of soft drinks manufacturers decreased by 431 companies (15%) - all classified as small and medium businesses.",INFO,en,IHS Markit
2020-08-05 05:53:19-05:00,España está a la cola de la recuperación en la eurozona,"La actividad del sector privado de la zona euro se aceleró en julio más allá de las expectativas preliminares al alcanzar el mayor ritmo de expansión desde junio de 2018, según refleja el índice compuesto de gestores de compras (PMI), que se situó en 54,9 puntos desde los 48,5 del mes anterior, con una clara diferencia en la intensidad del rebote entre las grandes economías centrales, Francia y Alemania, y las periféricas, Italia y España. En concreto, el índice PMI de actividad del sector servicios de la zona euro subió en julio hasta los 54,7 puntos desde los 48,3 del mes anterior, su mayor expansión en casi dos años, mientras que el PMI manufacturero se elevó en julio a 51,8 puntos desde los 47,4 del mes anterior, lo que representa la primera expansión del sector en la eurozona en año y medio. «Un aumento de la producción manufacturera sumado a nueva expansión del sector servicios es un buen augurio para la recuperación de la economía en el tercer trimestre tras la caída sin precedentes observada en el segundo trimestre», indicó Chris Williamson, economista jefe de IHS Markit.",INFO,es,ABC Spain
2020-08-05 02:50:00-05:00,France: les PMI un peu moins élevés qu'attendu,"05/08/2020 09:50:00 - (AOF) - L'indice des directeurs d'achat (PMI) dans les services compilé par IHS Markit est ressorti à 57,3 au mois de juillet en France, contre 50,7 en juin et un consensus à 57,8, qui était aussi l'estimation initiale. L…",INFO,fr,Boursorama
2020-08-04 04:19:04-05:00,"With US growth engine stalled, can other markets improve their ethane recovery?","Like crude oil, raw natural gas is a mixture of several different hydrocarbon components that can be separated out using specialized processing plants. One of the most important such components is ethane, which is a key feedstock for petrochemical and plastics production. Thanks to the surge in domestic oil and natural gas production over the past decade, the US has become by far the largest producer of ethane in the world - as well as the only significant waterborne exporter of the product. However, expected lower US oil and gas production going forward will have a corresponding impact on ethane output. For example, IHS Markit's current outlook for US ethane production in 2021 is 2.6 million b/d, down from a ""pre-pandemic"" forecast of around 3.0 million b/d that year. There is a myriad of factors that influence how much ethane is actually recovered from a given hydrocarbon stream. At a minimum, specialized gas processing and fractionation plants are required to separate the various streams and pipelines are required to transport the resulting product to market.",INFO,en,IHS Markit
2020-08-04 01:31:09-05:00,Can the sub-Panamax sector recover as strongly as Capesizes?,"Without doubt, the current dry bulk market is Capesize-driven market. We have seen C5TC has increased to more than USD 30,000 per day in early July 2020 from USD 3,000 just a month ago, up almost 1,000% over just one month. Also, Panamax and Supramax have increased significantly with strengthening Capesize rates and adjusted down again in line with weakening Capesize rates towards the end of July. Therefore, in our view, regardless of actual fundamental of smaller size sector, we need to explore the key reasons behind the remarkable increase in the Capesize freight first and then analyze how different market conditions would impact Panamax and Supramax freight rates in the short and medium-term. Source: IHS Markit Commodities at Sea To answer this key question, we believe we need to measure positional squeeze first to predict the short-term direction of the Capesize market. On the 19th May, we reported that laden/ballast balance started to increase and signaled higher Capesize freight rates in the following weeks with stronger employments and less ballasters.",INFO,en,IHS Markit
2020-08-04 01:29:53-05:00,Article - July - sustainability focus,"The European Commission wants the EU's agri-food sector to become the global standard for sustainability, but without a clear link between certification schemes and farm assessments can it push ahead with the needed environmental, economic and social progress? In this edition IHS Markit explores if the Commission is putting its agri-food sector on the right track or risking a further imbalance. Download now",INFO,en,IHS Markit
2020-08-04 00:30:20-05:00,thinkFolio and Investor Access Advance Fixed Income Primary Market Workflows,"thinkFolio , our leading multi-asset class investment management platform, has integrated with Investor Access , making it the first portfolio and order management platform to provide seamless fixed income primary market workflow for the buy side community. The integration allows thinkFolio front office users to monitor new issues via the Investor Access Deal Monitor platform, subscribe to those assets, and trigger new security information to thinkFolio and client downstream applications. The workflow and cohesive tool kit leverages the Investor Access Deal Services API and FIX messaging, providing users with the ability to orchestrate allocations at point of order creation and to initiate all required compliance checks before placement. ""The inertia driving further electronification of fixed income trading activity is noted and this theme has now evolved to the primary markets,"" said Brett Schechterman, Managing Director and Global Head of thinkFolio at IHS Markit. ""Our colleagues from Investor Access have been at the forefront in working with key consortiums across the capital markets with the objective of optimizing the primary issuance process for fixed income securities.",INFO,en,IHS Markit
2020-08-03 06:09:00-05:00,Wirtschaft: Wirtschaft in einigen Industriestaaten wächst wieder,"Frankfurt/Main (dpa) - In einigen führenden Wirtschaftsnationen der Welt stehen für die Industrie die Zeichen wieder auf Wachstum. In China, in der Eurozone und in Großbritannien haben sich Stimmungsindikatoren für die Industrie deutlich aufgehellt. Nachdem der Einkaufsmanagerindex (PMI) des chinesischen Statistikamtes für das verarbeitende Gewerbe bereits eine deutlich bessere Stimmung gezeigt hatte, bestätigte am Montag auch der Frühindikator des Wirtschaftsmagazins «Caixin» den Trend. Der Caixin-Index, der eher die Stimmung in kleinen und privaten Industrieunternehmen darstellt, stieg im Juli im Vergleich zum Vormonat von 51,2 auf 52,8 Punkte. Damit stieg der an den Finanzmärkten stark beachtete Konjunkturindikator weiter über die sogenannte Wachstumsschwelle von 50 Punkten. Werte oberhalb dieser Marke deuten auf eine Zunahme der wirtschaftlichen Aktivitäten hin. Während der Stimmungsindikator in China die Schwelle bereits zuvor überschritten hatte, konnte nun auch die Eurozone nachziehen.",INFO,de,Westfalen-Blatt
2020-08-03 02:58:00-05:00,"Floating Offshore Wind on Cusp of Unlocking Big Source of Finance, Experts Say","A major source of finance for offshore wind projects may soon open up to the industry's most important technological frontier: floating turbines. Non-recourse finance, where lenders get repaid from the profits of a project and have no claim over the assets of the borrower, will likely be available to upcoming floating wind projects as the market reaches an initial stage of maturity, experts say. That would help to lower the cost of projects. Non-recourse lending accounts for the majority of funding flowing to conventional European offshore wind projects today. So far, no floating projects have secured pure non-recourse finance, ""but the market is becoming ready for it,” said Clément Weber, the floating wind expert at renewable energy financial advisory firm Green Giraffe. “The lenders involved in the first projects are likely to be the project finance banks that are the most experienced in bottom-fixed offshore wind. On the equity side, we see a clear appetite from oil and gas , utilities, developers and independent power producers,"" Weber said in an email.",INFO,en,Green Technology Media
2020-08-03 02:57:00-05:00,France : la croissance du secteur manufacturier (PMI) légèrement relevée en juillet,"03/08/2020 09:57:00 - (AOF) - La croissance du secteur manufacturier a finalement été légèrement supérieure à la prévision initiale en France en juillet, a annoncé le bureau d'études IHS Markit. L'indice des directeurs d'achat (PMI) pour …",INFO,fr,Boursorama
2020-07-30 12:45:00-05:00,Are Americans Too Poor For New Cars? Older Vehicles Dominate Highways,"Are Americans Too Poor For New Cars? Older Vehicles Dominate Highways Tyler Durden Thu, 07/30/2020 - 13:45 Even before the virus-induced recession, Americans were quickly spiraling down a financial hole with insurmountable debts and no savings. Their ability to afford a home, nevertheless, a vehicle, was becoming harder by the year. One way to gauge the economic mobility of consumers is to track the average vehicle age of a car, sport utility vehicle, and pickup truck. If the average age is within several years, it would mean there's a high turnover as consumers can swap out older cars for newer ones. But a new report via Reuters , citing IHS Markit Ltd. data, has made a troubling discovery, indicating the average age of vehicles on US highways has increased to 11.9 years in January, an increase from 11.8 years for the prior year, which is a two-decade high. Todd Campau, associate director of aftermarket solutions for IHS Markit, said the pandemic crushed the economy and resulted in sharp declines in vehicle sales is likely to lead to the average vehicle age on roads to breach the 12-year level. ""We definitely expect to eclipse the 12-year barrier,"" he said.",INFO,en,Zero Hedge
2020-07-28 07:06:49-05:00,Average Age of Cars Americans Are Driving Nears 12 Years: IHS Markit,"Americans are hanging on to their cars and trucks longer, pushing the average age of vehicles on the road to the highest level in nearly 20 years even before the coronavirus hit, according to new data from IHS Markit Ltd. …",INFO,en,Insurance Journal
2020-07-28 06:00:00-05:00,"Average Age of Cars and Light Trucks in the U.S. Approaches 12 Years, According to IHS Markit","SOUTHFIELD, Mich.--(BUSINESS WIRE)-- #VIO--The average age of light vehicles in operation in the US has risen to 11.9 years this year, according to new research from IHS Markit (NYSE:INFO).",INFO,en,Business Wire
2020-07-27 06:47:00-05:00,"Clear Channel Outdoor Ignites New Automotive Recovery Resource, Spikes Dealer Brand Sales 15%","NEW YORK , July 27, 2020 /PRNewswire/ -- Clear Channel Outdoor (CCO) (NYSE: CCO ) today announced another industry first as its CCO RADAR suite of solutions now delivers automotive dealers verifiable results that their printed and digital out-of-home (OOH) advertising campaigns drive sales. This technology comes as the wheels begin turning again at auto manufacturers and dealers nationwide, and, as a just released study * shows 62 percent of vacationers plan to travel by car this summer. Partnering with IHS Markit (NYSE: INFO ), a world leader in critical information, analytics and solutions, CCO evolved its attribution tool, RADARProof® so auto dealers can be in the driver's seat during the rebound, and beyond, to see how their OOH ad campaigns deliver sales. This RADARProof® innovation is the nation's first ad tech solution to make the connection between vehicle sales and consumer exposure to OOH advertising. As states begin reopening and consumers take to the road once again, RADARProof® can be the key that accelerates the auto industry's rebound.",INFO,en,Benzinga Feeds
2020-07-24 05:20:29-05:00,Flash PMI shows Australian economic recovery gain momentum in July,"Flash Australia PMI rises to highest in over three years Demand improves, but insufficient to raise capacity pressure Business sentiment remains positive as firms eye further easing of COVID-19 restrictions Cost inflation eases, while output charges fall The rebound in the Australian economy from COVID-19 lockdowns gathered pace in July, with business activity increasing markedly, according to flash PMI data, adding to hopes that the economy could return to growth in the third quarter. Survey data also showed demand improving sharply, leading firms to expect output to rising further over the next 12 months on balance, especially if COVID-19 containment measures continue to ease. However, further recovery in the months ahead is by no means assured. The survey also indicated how external demand for Australian goods and services continued to deteriorate amid a weak global trade environment. Firms also remained reticent towards investing in new capacity as current workloads continued to be manageable despite a further rise in sales.",INFO,en,IHS Markit
2020-07-24 02:41:00-05:00,Allemagne: les PMI au plus haut depuis 2018,"24/07/2020 09:41:00 - (AOF) - Les indices des directeurs d'achats (PMI) provisoires en Allemagne, compilés par IHS Markit, ont fortement augmenté au mois de juillet. Dans le secteur manufacturier, il a atteint 50, après 45,2 en juin, alors que …",INFO,fr,Boursorama
2020-07-24 02:25:00-05:00,La croissance de l'activité s'est renforcée dans le secteur privé français en juillet,"24/07/2020 09:25:00 - (AOF) - La croissance de l'activité s'est renforcée dans le secteur privé français en juillet, selon une estimation flash du bureau d'études IHS Markit. Ainsi, l'indice des directeurs d'achat (PMI) Composite, qui prend e…",INFO,fr,Boursorama
2020-07-23 11:01:52-05:00,Las 10 marcas de coches eléctricos más vendidas en el mundo y Europa en 2020,"Uno de cada cinco coches eléctricos vendidos en todo el mundo en los primeros seis meses del año era un Tesla, según IHS Markit.",INFO,es,Publico
2020-07-23 07:00:00-05:00,Microsoft Executive Vice President Jason Zander: Digital Transformation Accelerating Across the Energy Spectrum; Being “Carbon Negative” by 2030; The Next Frontiers of Quantum Computing and Preparing for Increasingly Sophisticated Cyber Threats,WASHINGTON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Microsoft Executive Vice President Jason Zander speaks with IHS Markit Vice Chairman Daniel Yergin for CERAWeek Conversations.,INFO,en,Business Wire
2020-07-23 06:00:00-05:00,Cassini Systems and IHS Markit Partner to Provide Automated Margin Estimates within thinkFolio,"LONDON and NEW YORK, July 23, 2020 /PRNewswire/ -- Cassini Systems, the leading provider of pre- and post-trade margin and collateral analytics for derivatives markets, and business information provider IHS Markit (NYSE: INFO) announced today that they are partnering to automate the…",INFO,en,PR Newswire
2020-07-22 06:31:27-05:00,What can we learn from the Swedish approach to COVID-19?,"The lack of a lockdown in Sweden has resulted in a much higher death toll than in its closest neighbors and a persistently high rate of virus transmission. Sweden's outperformance in Q1 was largely unrelated to its COVID-19 strategy, as all domestic demand components were a drag on headline growth, offset by a large positive contribution from net trade. Key downside risks include a collapse in goods exports without a corresponding drop in imports and an elevated unemployment rate causing negative spillovers into the banking sector and the broader economy. The Swedish economy is likely to outperform its peers in 2020, but not over the medium-term. We expect Swedish GDP to return to its end-2019 level at the end of 2022. Impact on the economy The Swedish economy was the only one in Western Europe that did not contract in the first quarter, apart from Ireland where GDP was distorted by tax-related transactions of multinationals. However, Sweden's underlying growth drivers do not necessarily vindicate the government's strategy.",INFO,en,IHS Markit
2020-07-22 05:22:36-05:00,Article: A lifeline for pineapple juice - Covid-19,"Or not quite. Pineapple juice, like so many juices, is enjoying something of a rehabilitation but while it is reappearing on supermarket shelves in Europe, anyway, as retailers rationalise their juice listings, demand is still small (but, we think, increasing slowly) and most buyers are covered. The year began with a lacklustre performance from Thailand. The 2019 summer crop had been poor and the winter crop was even worse. Processors shut down early. A meagre raw material supply meant high fruit prices and Thailand couldn't really raise its prices much above USD1,500 per tonne fob because buyers in Europe were sitting on inventory anyway and reckoned that price increases would kill what little demand there was. While it takes some time for customs import and export data to come through, January's figures for the last quarter of 2019 showed that Thailand was already losing export markets to Costa Rica and the Philippines: its exports were down by nearly half. Worryingly for Thailand, Costa Rican juice concentrate was only slightly more expensive than Thai, and Costa Rica enjoys a brix advantage as well as the advantage of being able to trade on the fact that its MD2 pineapple variety is considered a premium product. ""Thailand is losing ground,"" observed an IHS Markit source.",INFO,en,IHS Markit
2020-07-21 06:17:48-05:00,"As Virtual Meetings Skyrocket, IHS Markit and OpenExchange Take Corporate Access to the Next Level","Across the world, the first half of 2020 has brought more unprecedented changes than anyone could have predicted. This is especially true in primary and secondary markets, where the model for corporate and investor engagement has dramatically transformed - going forward, one can argue that things will never be the same. The restrictions we experienced throughout the historic COVID-19 pandemic have rapidly accelerated our reliance on virtual events and video conferencing, which at the same time, has brought to light the competitive advantage of these channels. Based on what we've learned in recent months, it is clear that a brand-new horizon is emerging for sellside institutions. With this in mind, and as part of our long-term strategy to enable greater digital engagement across the Global Markets Group at IHS Markit, we have expanded our strategic alliance with OpenExchange, a recognized leader in virtual communication technology. To learn more about the enhanced collaboration with OpenExchange and how it will help elevate Corporate Access to capital markets, we spoke with McEvans Francois, executive director and co-head of the Brokerage, Research, Sales & Training team at IHS Markit and Mark Loehr at OpenExchange.",INFO,en,IHS Markit
2020-07-17 00:28:25-05:00,Emerging markets and innovation: The twin pillars of future growth of the solar tracker market,"Solar tracker shipments reached new record levels in 2019 with shipments exceeding 31GW globally, an increase of 55 percent year-on-year. Exceptional demand in the United States as well as multiple 1 GW plus markets in Brazil, Mexico, Chile, Spain and Australia helped propel shipments to new heights. Furthermore, for many suppliers active in the United States the stepdown in the investment tax credit (ITC) and the willingness of developers to safe harbor for projects yet to be built has meant that 2020 started very strongly for numerous suppliers. US market remains key but solar trackers increasingly adopted in new markets The supplier landscape continued to be extremely competitive as leading suppliers expanded into new markets globally as solar tracker technology becomes increasingly accepted by developers, EPC's and the financial community. Leading suppliers such as Nextracker and Array technologies accounted for almost half of global shipments as they both enjoyed a strong year due to booming utility-scale market and as developers in the United States safe harbored trackers in order to safeguard a higher ITC rate.",INFO,en,IHS Markit
2020-07-16 02:17:53-05:00,Article: The problem with lemons and lemon juice,"This summer, the world is being scoured for supplies of fresh lemons as demand has spiked. This is due, of course, to the Covid-19 pandemic. Lemon juice, like all citrus fruit juices and some others, is being sought because its vitamin C content boosts immune systems and thus may provide some form of protection against the coronavirus. A year ago, Spain's lemon industry was facing disaster because of a massive crop which depressed prices. The sector lost an estimated EUR200 million (USD174 mln) and half a million tonnes of fruit were left to rot in the fields. Now, it faces competition from Argentina. Argentine lemon production Argentina produces about 1.6 mln tonnes of fresh lemons annually, of which about 300,000 tonnes are exported, earning the country more than USD800 mln from this segment. However, Argentina majors in processed lemon (mainly juice and essential oil), made in 14 lemon processing plants and exporting industries situated in Tucumán, Salta and Jujuy. This year, about 1.12 mln tonnes of fruit should have been processed.",INFO,en,IHS Markit
2020-07-15 02:00:00-05:00,IHS Markit: Production of Carbon-Free “Green” Hydrogen Could Be Cost Competitive by 2030,"LONDON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Production of Carbon-Free “Green” Hydrogen Could Be Cost Competitive by 2030, according to a new analysis by IHS Markit.",INFO,en,Business Wire
2020-07-14 12:26:00-05:00,"Houston Mayor Hon. Sylvester Turner: COVID-19 Resurgence “A Forest Fire Right Now;” Advocates a “Shutdown for a Couple of Weeks;” His Thoughts on Race Relations and Police Reform, and More",WASHINGTON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Houston Mayor Hon. Sylvester Turner speaks with IHS Markit Vice Chairman Daniel Yergin for CERAWeek Conversations. www.ceraweek.com/conversations,INFO,en,Business Wire
2020-07-14 09:24:00-05:00,"Amazon Web Services CEO Andy Jassy on How the Cloud is Aiding Vaccine Development; Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning that is Transforming the Energy Industry; and the Importance of Having a Customer-Focused, Builder-Oriented Culture",WASHINGTON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--The CEO of Amazon Web Services speaks with IHS Markit Vice Chairman Daniel Yergin for CERAWeek Conversations. www.ceraweek.com/conversations,INFO,en,Business Wire
2020-07-14 01:03:41-05:00,From cost to value: Going beyond LCOE in assessing competitiveness of renewables,"Extraordinary cost declines mean wind and solar now often boast the lowest levelized cost of energy (LCOE) among power supply resources in many parts of the world. This position is helping drive record levels of growth in wind and solar in many markets. However, as the energy transition deepens, there will be an increasing focus on resource attributes beyond energy—notably capacity and flexibility. The United States (US) embodies a power system in just such a transition as wind and solar are expanding rapidly while conventional generation resources such as coal and nuclear face retirements, and thus can provide a good perspective on how shifting value streams will impact the competitiveness of different generation resources. Utilities in the US increasingly find it cheaper to build new wind and solar than to run existing coal plants or to build new gas plants. LCOE comparisons are often used to explain these decisions, even if the decisions are underpinned by more complex power system analyses.",INFO,en,IHS Markit
2020-07-13 11:16:00-05:00,"Consumers Want Anti-microbial Coatings in New Vehicles in light of COVID-19 and are Willing to Pay, according to IHS Markit","SOUTHFIELD, Mich.--(BUSINESS WIRE)-- #VIO--Anti-microbial coatings are a desired feature for high-touch surfaces inside a personal vehicle, including door handles, steering wheels, displays and consoles, according to a consumer survey conducted by IHS Markit (NYSE: INFO). The survey across five major markets* indicates an increase in demand, with 54% of the nearly 800 consumers saying they were “very interested” or “interested” in having an anti-microbial coating in their next personal vehicle. This t",INFO,en,Business Wire
2020-07-10 04:55:31-05:00,IHS Markit expands Amazon Web Services use for cloud infrastructure,"IHS Markit has an existing presence within AWS and will move the majority of its data processing infrastructure, corporate platforms, and end-user applications and services out of its data centres",INFO,en,SecuritiesLendingTimes
2020-07-09 09:00:00-05:00,"OPEC Secretary General: “No Objective Whatsoever” to Drive U.S. Shale Out of Business; Dealing with the “Double Whammy” of Demand and Supply Shocks to Oil Markets and the Need to Revisit Governance Structure of Energy, Climate Change and Geopolitics","WASHINGTON, D.C.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--OPEC Secretary General H.E. Mohammad Sanusi Barkindo speaks with IHS Markit Senior Vice President Amb. Carlos Pascual for CERAWeek Conversations.",INFO,en,Business Wire
2020-07-09 06:18:56-05:00,IHS Markit launches Data Lake platform,IHS Markit has launched the Data Lake platform to administer data assets into a centralised catalogued platform,INFO,en,SecuritiesLendingTimes
2020-07-09 01:12:29-05:00,Article: South Italian tomato prices decided outside a framework agreement,"This is article is from our food commodities coverage. South Italian processors are privately negotiating contracts for the 2020 season, after failing to reach an agreement to set a guide price across the whole sector. After the break-off in negotiations announced in May by the organisation representing the industrial part, Anicav, and the repeated failure to reach a compromise in the following meetings, processors and growers organisations (OPs) have started to sign contracts independently. All organisations involved in the negotiations found a common ground for the producing and delivery conditions, but the lack of agreement on prices has jeopardised the tomato market, with processors reporting different increases in both prices paid to growers and contracted with buyers. Some processors have followed Anicav's latest indications, increasing prices by 5%, but other sources processing for the retail channel have reported price increases starting from 10% and up to 30% including premiums for growers and niche products.",INFO,en,IHS Markit
2020-07-07 22:24:40-05:00,Contract cancellations for offshore rigs peak in 2020 - how will the market react?,"After the long, slow downturn that began in late 2014, this year was set to be better with many dormant regions resuming exploration and long-awaited development drilling programmes going ahead. Then in mid-March a double disaster struck as an oil price crash coincided with a global pandemic. This double whammy left many operators hitting the brakes, slashing budgets and deferring those long-awaited programmes meaning contractors found themselves <span/> receiving dozens of contract termination notices. There have been 43 rig contract terminations globally since the beginning of March this year. Both Northwest Europe and West Africa have been hit the hardest with 11 terminations apiece. Both regions have seen a significant hit to their jackup fleets with six terminations in Northwest Europe and seven in West Africa. Few regions have been immune from terminations however, with Canada, the US Gulf of Mexico, Latin America, the Mediterranean, Middle East, India, Southeast Asia and Australia/New Zealand all seeing their fair share of cancelled contracts.",INFO,en,IHS Markit
2020-07-06 04:42:00-05:00,Fastest rise in housebuilding for five years after Covid-19 slump,"The fastest rise in housebuilding activity for five years today fuelled hopes of a strong recovery from the deep economic slump triggered by the lockdown. The surge was revealed in an upbeat PMI survey of the construction sector, which returned to growth for the first time since January. The survey’s index, compiled by analysts IHS Markit, bounced from 28.9 in May to a better",INFO,en,Evening Standard
2020-07-06 02:19:33-05:00,Global PV inverter market surpassed $9 billion in 2019 following record shipments,"The PV inverter market achieved record shipments, growing by 19% to 126 GW in 2019 driven by booming shipments in key markets such as United States, Spain, Latin America, Ukraine and Vietnam. PV inverter revenue also increased rapidly, surpassing $9.1 billion in 2019 for the first time. Meanwhile, the global competitive landscape remains relatively consolidated. The top 10 suppliers accounted for over 70% of global PV inverter shipments. As the industry continues to enjoy rapid growth, competition is expected to continue to escalate among PV inverter suppliers due to two key factors: advancements in technology and the shifting balance of global installations growth. Figure 1: Global PV inverter revenue by region in 2019 ($M) Suppliers are pushing the limits of PV inverter technology Several key technology trends offer opportunities for PV inverter suppliers to compete more aggressively in a growing industry. For example, suppliers continue to release larger inverters, particularly three-phase string and central inverters for utility-scale installations.",INFO,en,IHS Markit
2020-07-05 21:23:28-05:00,Retail sales of vehicles pick up speed in June,"Mumbai: Retail sales of vehicles far outnumbered dispatches from factories to dealerships last month, suggesting a recovery in the market while also highlighting the supply constraints faced by manufacturers.Industry data suggests retail sales of passenger vehicles at 170,000 units in June, about 50,000 more than the estimated 116,000 cars and UVs that left factory gates. Some 1.2 million two-wheelers were delivered to customers in the past month against 1 million dispatches.Sales were down about 25% from a year earlier in June for passenger vehicle makers, after a wash-out in April when the country was in lockdown and weak sales in May when the government started easing curbs.While the June numbers suggest improving sentiment, pent-up demand from the lockdown period is also coming to the market, said industry executives. They cautioned the demand trend depends on which way the Covid-19 situation would turn. 76805459Production Issues Due to CovidIn normal circumstances, wholesale numbers closely follow retails, but these are unprecedented times and the wholesales are reflecting the supply rather than demand, Maruti Suzuki executive director for sales and marketing Shashank Srivastava said.“A better indicator of customer demand is the parameter of enquiries, bookings and retails, and here the bounce-back is stronger than expected,” he said.",INFO,en,Economic Times India
2020-07-03 11:47:30-05:00,"Bolsas europeias fecham em queda, mas anotam ganhos na semana","O índice Stoxx 600 terminou o dia em queda de 0,78%, em Frankfurt, o DAX recuou 0,64% e, em Paris, o CAC 40 encerrou a sessão com desvalorização de 0,84%. Os principais índices europeus terminaram a sexta-feira (3) em queda, dia de liquidez reduzida nos mercados globais devido ao feriado da Independência nos Estados Unidos. Apesar da melhora nos indicadores dos gerentes de compras do setor de serviços no continente, os investidores locais aproveitaram os ganhos semanais e as incertezas que se acumulam no horizonte para realizar lucros hoje. O índice Stoxx 600 terminou o dia em queda de 0,78%, aos 365,43 pontos. Em Frankfurt, o DAX recuou 0,64%, aos 12.528,18 pontos, enquanto, em Paris, o CAC 40 encerrou a sessão aos 5.007,14 pontos, em desvalorização de 0,84%. Em Milão, o FTSE MIB caiu 0,81%, aos 19.726,65 pontos e, em Madrid, o IBEX 35 fechou com perdas de 1,27%, aos 7.403,50 pontos. Homem usa máscara de proteção na frente da bolsa de valores de Londres Toby Melville/Reuters No acumulado semanal, o índice pan-europeu teve alta de 1,98%.",INFO,pt,Globo
2020-07-03 09:47:05-05:00,"PMI mostra que setor de serviços no Brasil saiu do abismo, mas segue em contração","Índice subiu de 27,6 pontos em maio para 35,9 em junho e continua abaixo do nível que indica expansão da atividade. O setor de comércio e serviços entre os principais afetados durante a pandemia Secom/MT O Índice de Atividade de Negócios (PMI, na sigla em inglês) do setor de serviços no Brasil subiu de 27,6 pontos em maio para 35,9 em junho, informa nesta sexta-feira (3) a IHS Markit. Apesar de acima do abismo histórico de abril, o resultado mostra considerável contração na atividade do setor de serviços, segundo a consultoria, com a continuidade dos efeitos da Covid-19 sobre os negócios. Governo prorroga IOF zero para operações de crédito por mais três meses A atividade, diz o boletim da consultoria, manteve-se em queda acentuada em junho e as empresas continuaram a reduzir empregos, refletindo parte dos esforços para controlar custos. Os dados mais recentes mostraram que as despesas operacionais subiram apenas marginalmente e na taxa mais lenta da série histórica da pesquisa. As margens de ganho, aponta o boletim, continuaram pressionadas, com os descontos de preços atingindo também um novo recorde da pesquisa, já que as empresas procuraram avançar no mercado em um ambiente extremamente desafiador.",INFO,pt,Globo
2020-07-03 04:38:34-05:00,Week Ahead Economic Preview: Week of 6 July 2020,"Join us in the PMI by IHS Markit Global Webcast (8 July) to get the latest insights into the economic impact of the COVID-19 pandemic from the world's leading survey data. REGISTER HERE FOR WEBCAST The following is an extract from IHS Markit's latest Week Ahead Economic Preview. For the full report (including Special Reports) please click on the 'Download Full Report' link. Download full report Global and US service sector PMI surveys Eurozone retail sales and industrial output Central bank meetings in Australia and Malaysia Global business outlook survey After manufacturing PMIs showed encouraging signs of factories emerging from lockdowns (see page 9), further clues as to economic recovery paths will be sought from various key data releases. These include the global PMI, US non-manufacturing data, eurozone industrial output and retail sales, plus detailed global sector PMIs. The latter have provided unique insights into which companies have seen the strongest downturns during the pandemic, with tourism, recreation and transport so far suffering the most.",INFO,en,IHS Markit
2020-07-03 04:34:24-05:00,Deutsche Wirtschaft kämpft sich zurück,"Die Lockerung der Corona-Eindämmungsmaßnahmen hat sich positiv auf die Wirtschaft ausgewirkt. Die deutsche Wirtschaft arbeitet sich allmählich aus dem Coronatal heraus und kommt der Wachstumszone wieder näher. Der Einkaufsmanagerindex für die Privatwirtschaft - Dienstleister und Industrie zusammen - stieg im Juni den zweiten Monat in Folge steil an und ließ damit das Rekordtief von April hinter sich, wie das Institut IHS Markit zu seiner Umfrage unter hunderten Unternehmen mitteilte. Neues Leben Auf Basis endgültiger Daten kletterte das Barometer auf nunmehr 47,0 Punkte von 32,3 im Mai. Die Vorabschätzung lag bei 45,8 Zählern. ""Die Lockerungen der Eindämmungsmaßnahmen haben einigen Teilbereichen der deutschen Wirtschaft wieder neues Leben eingehaucht"", erklärte IHS-Experte Phil Smith. Es gebe Anlass zur Annahme, dass sich das Blatt in der deutschen Wirtschaft im Juni nach der massiven Talfahrt zu Beginn des zweiten Quartals und der darauffolgenden Lockerung der Ausgangssperren gewendet habe, hieß es weiter.",INFO,de,KURIER Medienhaus
2020-07-02 08:00:00-05:00,Startup Unqork just hired its first CFO after revenue spiked 320% in the first quarter as tools to build apps without code surge in popularity,"No-code and low-code tools that let people build apps without needing technical skills are seeing huge demand during the coronavirus pandemic as companies and public agencies have to conduct their business and operations online. One no-code startup, Unqork, has seen tremendous growth during the pandemic, and just hired a new CFO to help keep up with its demand and ambitious goals. Unqork has tripled its revenues since it was founded in 2017 and saw its first quarter revenue grow 320% from a year prior, though its CEO declined to share specific numbers. It has also hired 120 new employees since the beginning of the year. Unqork's tools are typically used by industries that are slow to digitize, like financial services, government, and healthcare, in part because it built into it's platform the security and regulatory software that companies in those industries need. CEO Gary Hoberman said Unqork will go far beyond the market opportunity that analysts are predicting for the low-code and no-code market.",INFO,en,Business Insider
2020-07-02 03:28:46-05:00,Article: June - Sustainability focus,"IHS Markit's new monthly series will be centred around the balancing act of sustainable agri-food trade. This edition will pay particular attention to the following: The increased global sustainability standards through trade are pushing too hard risks economically strangling some countries and sparking disputes with others. The European Commission has a renewed ambition to use its single market to raise sustainability standards around the world. Find out what this means for the agri-food sector, both within the EU and beyond. Download now",INFO,en,IHS Markit
2020-07-02 02:51:59-05:00,Assessing the impact of a second coronavirus wave on fuel demand,"Over the course of three weeks in March, the SARS-CoV-2 pandemic cut US gasoline demand by nearly 50% and effectively brought commercial air travel to a halt. Since then, the government lockdown measures, corporate work from home policies, and social distancing enthusiasm that underpinned this demand destruction have all been rolled back. This has led to a steady increase in refined product demand but also, distressingly, a surge in new cases of COVID-19. So far, the country has not experienced a corresponding uptick in deaths, but the current progression of the virus has proved troubling enough that several states have paused or even reversed their ""reopening"" program. Clearly, the risk of a dangerous resurgence is rising. Whether or not that risk transforms into a full blown ""second wave"" is unknowable at the moment. However, <span/> IHS Markit has developed an alternative scenario to our base case outlook for the United States. This ""resurgence scenario"" includes the following assumptions: Widespread reopening of the economy and a recovery in employment results in a higher virus transmission rate.",INFO,en,IHS Markit
2020-07-02 02:45:28-05:00,Global exports in aerospace products and parts before and during the COVID-19 pandemics,"Key points: The global exports of aerospace products and parts amounted to USD 145.4 billion in 2005 and rose to USD 351.6 billion in 2019 The CAGR over the period 2005-19 for the value of global exports was equal to + 6.5% Already 2019 proved to be a sluggish year with global exports of the aerospace industry growing by 4.5% year-on-year in comparison to 6.3% in 2018 The top five aerospace industry exporters in 2019 included France, Germany, the UK, the US, and Singapore COVID-19 brough a dramatic decrease in demand and production and global value of exports The value of industrial production of the aerospace products and parts in the US estimated by the FSB went downto 89.3% in Q1 2020 and plummeted to 56.5% in Q2 2020 in comparison to the benchmark year 2012; FSB predicts the production to take a decade to recover to pre-COVID-19 levels In Q1 2020 the value of global exports of aerospace products and parts fell to USD 75,854 billion which represents a fall of 8.0% year-on-year and a fall of 22.3% in comparison to the preceding quarter Knowing the shape of the pandemic curve from the beginning of the year and the actions taken globally and by individual states, we can expect a further deterioration in global exports in the Q2 of 2020.",INFO,en,IHS Markit
2020-07-02 00:43:18-05:00,Webcast: US Hogs and Pork Market Outlook,"A key challenge in livestock markets has been understanding the supply implications due to enforced industry lockdowns as a result of Covid-19. The hogs/pork markets in the US has seen uncertainty surrounding what producers have been doing with hogs when unable to make it to harvest, and where this leaves supply in the market now. Analysing the current supply capabilities across the hogs/pork markets value chain will inform the direction prices are heading. On this webcast, Adam Speck , Senior Hogs/Pork Analyst, joins Peter Rohde , President of Client Advisory and Development, to talk through IHS Markit's latest projections for the hogs' market, compared to the recently released USDA outlook. Watch video now",INFO,en,IHS Markit
2020-07-01 19:20:42-05:00,PMI producer admits PMIs are useless - MacroBusiness,"Via FTAlphaville: It’s confession time for IHS Markit, the firm behind the purchasing managers’ indices. The firm asks thousands of purchasing managers whether activity over the current month has declined, improved, or stayed about the same compared with the previous month. IHS Markit then tallies responses up to produce a net figure where 50 signals no",INFO,en,Macro Business
2020-07-01 03:32:32-05:00,"UK Final Manufacturing PMI meets estimates 50.1 with in June, Cable keeps 1.2400","The UK manufacturing sector activity returned to expansion in the month of June, the final report from IHS Markit comfirmed this Wednesday. The season",INFO,en,FXStreet
2020-06-30 11:40:10-05:00,Need For Speed Drives Ships Toward Pacific Ports,"The battle for Asian containerized exports rages on between West and East Coast ports. The East had been steadily gaining ground, but COVID-19 is changing the balance in favor of the West, at least in the short term. Taking Share From Air The most immediate effect of the coronavirus, reported by FreightWaves in late March, was a shift from air cargo to premium ocean service. Advantage West Coast ports. Former air-cargo shippers with time pressures don't take the long route to the East Coast. Nerijus Poskus, head of ocean at Flexport, presciently predicted the rise of premium services that offer guaranteed loading, faster ocean transits and priority discharge. Matson Inc (NYSE: MATX) and CMA CGM subsidiary APL offered premium services. Then Matson added extra sailings, and ZIM unveiled a new premium service — 12 days from China to California. The first ZIM ship arrives in Los Angeles on Saturday. Premium-ocean demand emerged from reduced belly cargo capacity on COVID-halted passenger planes.",INFO,en,Benzinga Feeds
2020-06-30 06:28:56-05:00,"Stock market live updates: Futures flat, last day of June, Powell testimony ahead","Chinas's official Purchasing Manager's Index came in at 50.9 for June, beating expectations and showing a growing sector. The expectation was for a reading of 50.4, according to economists polled by Reuters. In PMIs, readings above 50 represent expansion. A private survey PMI from Caixin and IHS Markit is scheduled to be released later this week. — Pound, Tan",INFO,en,CNBC
2020-06-29 08:08:38-05:00,TrackInsight names Nasdaq as its exclusive distributor in North America and publishes global ETF report,"TrackInsight names Nasdaq as its exclusive distributor in North America and publishes global ETF report Submitted By Beverly Chandler | 29/06/2020 - 2:08pm ETF analytics platform, TrackInsight, has agreed a deal with Nasdaq to be its exclusive distributor for North America, disseminating its services to financial institutions throughout North and South America and promoting the platform’s usage among investment professionals. TrackInsight Global View will now be available on Nasdaq’s Quandl platform. Jean-René Giraud, founding CEO of TrackInsight describes his five-year-old firm as firmly ‘on the buy side looking after investors’. ""The platform is free – we do things for love"" he says. ""And we want to become a central point of reference and data analysis for ETFs."" The audience is a growing community of people who use ETFs, with 6,000 ETFs listed for 2,500 qualified professional investors and counting, drawn from private banks, financial advisers, funds of funds and asset managers. The site can also be white-labelled for larger organisations who want to offer an ETF selection process. “We sell advanced data and analytics for websites that those who want to show interesting metrics about ETFs,” Giraud says.",INFO,en,ETF Express
2020-06-29 02:01:00-05:00,IHS Markit Selects AWS as Its Preferred Cloud Infrastructure Provider,"SEATTLE--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Today, Amazon Web Services (AWS), an Amazon.com company (NASDAQ: AMZN), announced that IHS Markit Ltd. (NYSE: INFO) has selected AWS as its preferred cloud infrastructure provider and is moving the majority of its data processing infrastructure, corporate platforms, and end user applications and services out of its data centers to AWS to accelerate innovation and improve resiliency. Under the new agreement, the company will migrate hundreds of additional applications o",INFO,en,Business Wire
2020-06-24 07:00:00-05:00,US Gasoline Demand More than “Halfway” Back from Pandemic-Induced Lows,"GAITHERSBURG, Md.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--U.S. gasoline demand is more than “halfway” back from pandemic-induced lows, according to OPIS, an IHS Markit (NYSE: INFO) company.",INFO,en,Business Wire
2020-06-24 06:08:00-05:00,Wirtschaft: Ifo-Geschäftsklima wieder deutlich besser,"München (dpa) - Die Stimmung deutscher Unternehmen hat sich im Juni kräftig von ihrem drastischen Einbruch in der Corona-Krise erholt. Das Ifo-Geschäftsklima stieg im Vergleich zum Vormonat um 6,5 Punkte auf 86,2 Zähler, wie das Ifo-Institut in München mitteilt. Dies sei der stärkste jemals gemessene Anstieg, erklärte das Institut. Analysten hatten zwar mit einem Zuwachs gerechnet, diesen allerdings mit 85,0 Punkten im Schnitt etwas schwächer erwartet. Es ist der zweite Anstieg des wichtigen Konjunkturindikators in Folge, nachdem er im März und April krisenbedingt drastisch eingebrochen war. Die Unternehmen bewerteten ihre momentane Lage im Juni etwas besser, während die Zukunftsaussichten wesentlich besser beurteilt wurden. «Die deutsche Wirtschaft sieht Licht am Ende des Tunnels», bemerkte Ifo-Präsident Clemens Fuest. Das Geschäftsklima stieg in allen betrachteten Bereichen an, also in der Industrie, unter Dienstleistern, im Handel und am Bau. Die Umfrageergebnisse des Ifo-Instituts decken sich im Wesentlichen mit den am Vortag veröffentlichten Einkaufsmanagerindizes des britischen Instituts IHS Markit.",INFO,de,Westfalen-Blatt
2020-06-23 22:56:33.044000-05:00,US dollar dips amid economic data,"New York: The US dollar weakened in late trading on Tuesday as market participants digested a slew of economic data. The dollar index, which measures the greenback against six major peers, was down 0.39 per cent at 96.6619. In late New York trading, the euro rose to $1.1312 from $1.1260 in the previous session, and the British pound was up to $1.2522 from $1.2471 in the previous session, Xinhua reported. The Australian dollar was up to $0.6936 from $0.6917. The US dollar bought 106.47 Japanese yen, lower than 106.92 Japanese yen of the previous session. The US dollar decreased to 0.9444 Swiss franc from 0.9474 Swiss franc, and it rose to 1.3540 Canadian dollars from 1.3524 Canadian dollars. US private sector firms signaled a slowdown in the rate of output contraction in June, as businesses began to reopen on a larger scale, according to a report released by London-based global information provider IHS Markit on Tuesday. The IHS Markit Flash U.S. Composite PMI (Purchasing Managers' Index) Output Index posted 46.8 in June, up from 37 in May.",INFO,en,Sify.com
2020-06-23 22:00:00-05:00,El ahorro vence al consumo: los niveles tardarán años en recuperarse,"Tres meses después de que los países occidentales comenzaran a cerrar sus ciudades para prevenir la propagación galopante del nuevo coronavirus, y con muchos del este asiático avanzando en el proceso de recuperación, hay un efecto duradero de la pandemia evidente. Se ha destruido la demanda de los consumidores y el ahorro está creciendo a un nivel sin precedentes . Es probable que dé lugar a efectos duraderos en los mercados financieros, con una reducción de los tipos de interés que se prolongará durante años y la creación de un efecto proteccionista en la economía internacional. La tasa de ahorro personal en EEUU —ingreso personal menos gasto personal e impuestos— rozó el 33% en abril . En la eurozona, se espera que la tasa de ahorro de los hogares, calculada de forma distinta, aumente este año del 13% al entorno del 19% y permanezca en niveles máximos históricos en 2021. Suscripción completa a 'The Wall Street Journal' en ECPrevium Lo mejor del diario económico estadounidense está en El Confidencial.",INFO,es,El Confidencial
2020-06-23 14:58:13-05:00,"Petróleo interrompe sequência de altas e recua nesta terça, diante de dados de estoques nos EUA","Nas últimas semanas, os preços têm aumentado com os sinais de que as economias globais estão iniciando um processo de recuperação Após três dias consecutivos de ganhos - período em que as referências registraram alta superior a 5% -, o avanço nos preços do petróleo teve uma pausa nesta terça-feira (23), diante dos dados de estoques semanais nos Estados Unidos. Na Bolsa de Mercadorias de Nova York (Nymex), os contratos futuros do West Texas Intermediate (WTI) para o mês de agosto encerraram o dia em queda de 0,88%, a US$ 40,37 o barril. Já na ICE, em Londres, os contratos do Brent para o mesmo mês encerraram em queda de 1,05%, aos US$ 42,63 o barril. Na quarta-feira, o Departamento de Energia (DoE, na sigla em inglês) dos Estados Unidos divulga o número semanal de estoques de petróleo no país. Os investidores temem que o relatório aponte uma alta no volume total de barris de petróleo americano pela terceira semana consecutiva, para níveis recordes. Campo de petróleo em Vaudoy-en-Brie, na França Christian Hartmann/Reuters De acordo com economistas consultados pelo ""The Wall Street Journal"", os estoques de petróleo bruto nos Estados Unidos devem crescer em 600 mil barris na semana, para um nível recorde próximo de 540 milhões.",INFO,pt,Globo
2020-06-23 11:20:31-05:00,L'activité économique rebondit plus que prévu en Europe,"L'économie française se distingue, avec un retour à la croissance selon les indices PMI IHS Markit.",INFO,fr,L'Echo
2020-06-23 06:31:50-05:00,La economía de la zona euro atenúa su desaceleración en junio y ya está muy cerca de volver a crecer,El índice PMI de la consultora IHS Markit confirma el cambio de tendencia producido por la desescalada,INFO,es,El Pais
2020-06-23 05:47:15-05:00,La reprise de l'économie est plus forte que prévu en Europe,"Après une chute du PIB à un rythme sans précédent dans la zone euro, la hausse de l'indice PMI montre que la levée des restrictions face au coronavirus devrait contribuer à mettre fin à la récession à l'approche de l'été, selon le cabinet IHS Markit. L'activité en France renoue avec la croissance.",INFO,fr,Les Echos
2020-06-23 04:19:48-05:00,DAX - So dürfte es kurzfristig weitergehen,"Der IHS Markit Flash Eurozone Composite Index Produktion legte binnen Monatsfrist um 15,6 auf 47,5 Punkte im Juni zu. Das ist der höchste Wert seit Februar. Gleichwohl signalisiert er weiter rückläufiges Wachstum.",INFO,de,GodmodeTrader
2020-06-23 03:36:11-05:00,"5 Stocks To Watch For June 23, 2020","Some of the stocks that may grab investor focus today are: Wall Street expects IHS Markit Ltd (NYSE: INFO ) to report quarterly earnings at $0.67 per share on revenue of $1.06 billion before the opening bell. IHS Markit shares rose 0.2% to $73.40 in after-hours trading. Fuwei Films (Holdings) Co Ltd (NASDAQ: FFHL ) reported Q1 earnings per share of RMB3.97 ($0.56), versus a year-ago net loss per share of … Full story available on Benzinga.com",INFO,en,Benzinga Feeds
2020-06-22 00:58:40-05:00,Will coronavirus (COVID-19) recovery provide a tailwind for a greener future?,"The SARS-CoV-2 pandemic has had a dramatic and unprecedented impact on the world. At the peak of the global lockdown, consumption of gasoline, diesel, and jet fuel combined was 40% lower than usual. For the year, combined demand for these three fuels is expected to average 15% below 2019 levels. Nearly 450,000 people have died from the disease so far and the global economy is lurching towards recession. Against this backdrop, policymakers in Europe are trying to balance the need to respond to the current short-term crisis and continuing to make progress against the longer-term threat of climate change. <span/> The coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic could certainly be regarded as an impediment towards progress on climate change, since society's collective attention - and resources - is understandably focused on the pandemic. However, it <span/> could very well serve as an opportunity to institute - as part of economic recovery packages - transformative green agenda policies. This is certainly the outlook of the European Commission, whose recently-proposed recovery plan aims to rebuild European societies on a greener foundation.",INFO,en,IHS Markit
2020-06-19 17:57:19-05:00,"Singapore Fintech, the Institutional Lending Exchange (iLex), Secures Seed Funding, Signs MoU with IHS Markit","Singapore Fintech, the Institutional Lending Exchange (iLex), secures seed funding, signs MoU with IHS Markit.",INFO,en,Crowdfund Insider
2020-06-17 06:09:10-05:00,Automotive Rapid Response Report - 17 June 2020,"As the COVID-19 pandemic continues to unfold, IHS Markit offers uniquely actionable, rapid insights to drive your business. Insights powered by the most up-to-date information available provide critical intelligence to inform near-term planning and longer-term strategic decision making. Download our weekly Rapid Response Report to get real-time market feedback on specific market actions that will help you get a step ahead and help determine which actions to take next. DOWNLOAD FULL REPORT Positive momentum continues, 18% month-to-date (mtd) increase compared with mid-May in national retail registration volume, representing over 50,000-unit improvement Luxury segments up 45% mtd, representing an increase of 15,000 units nationally Non-luxury utilities up 25% mtd, an increase of 32,000 units driven by Non-luxury compact CUV contributing over 20,000 units Non-luxury cars up 14% mtd, growing by more than 8,000 units and almost half of the increase was in non-luxury compact cars Pickup segments declined 7% mtd, not surprising as inventory is extremely low and production is coming online 24% improvement in mtd performance for June in the top 10 retail volume states, highlights include: Significant improvements in New Jersey, Michigan, and New York all recently lessening business restrictions Modest improvements in Texas, North Carolina, and Florida where pent-up demand has been satisfied, continued concern about impact to the industry as they experience a resurgence of coronavirus disease DOWNLOAD FULL REPORT",INFO,en,IHS Markit
2020-06-16 05:14:01-05:00,"As China prepares to lift its BEV subsidies, Tesla announces its Chinese Model 3 will use LFP cells","On 11 June 2020, Tesla received formal approval from China's Ministry of Industry and Information Technology to build Model 3 vehicles with lithium-iron-phosphate (LFP) batteries. The document did not specify any particular battery supplier, and there are a number of major cell manufacturers who could meet Tesla's needs. To date, Tesla has exclusively used nickel-cobalt-aluminum (NCA) batteries for its vehicles. Produced in close collaboration with Panasonic, Tesla's NCA batteries achieve a higher specific energy than all other battery chemistries produced commercially today. Yet, although Tesla and Panasonic have continuously increased NCA capacity at Gigafactory 1 in Nevada, Panasonic has announced that it will not be collaborating with Tesla on Gigafactory 3 in Shanghai. Tesla has thus been forced to seek an alternative battery technology as no Chinese cell manufacturers produce NCA batteries domestically. The closest match to Tesla's NCA battery in China is nickel-manganese-cobalt (NMC) 811, a high-nickel NMC formulation that achieves similar performance metrics.",INFO,en,IHS Markit
2020-06-16 03:13:34-05:00,IHS Markit adds iBoxx bond indices to securities lending reports,IHS Markit aims to provide lenders with greater insight on potential portfolio returns from their fixed income assets with the addition of six global iBoxx bond indices to its reports,INFO,en,SecuritiesLendingTimes
2020-06-12 02:19:05-05:00,Rethinking the risks for E&P from coronavirus (COVID-19),"Figure 1: Operational, policy and economic interruptions from COVID-19 The oil and gas industry is having to rethink the way in which it works yet again. Five years after the 2014 oil price rout unleashed waves of stress in the form of government austerity budgets, company cost-cutting, and shifts in asset preferences, coronavirus (COVID-19) has thrown a new set of challenges into relief, forcing companies and host countries to adapt. It's not just an operational issue, although plenty of rigs, platforms, worker rotations and equipment deliveries are being affected by the pandemic. Rather, the bigger issue is the long tail caused by an extended brush with sub-$50/bbl prices. Few producing countries or companies are likely to emerge unscathed or unchanged by the pandemic, or more accurately, its impact on global oil and gas demand, cash flows, investment strategies and project finance. Still, some resource holders are in a far better position than others to adapt as a result of structural factors and policy choices.",INFO,en,IHS Markit
2020-06-11 08:04:00-05:00,"BP CEO Bernard Looney on Creating a “Lighter, More Agile, More Focused” Organization; Energy Transition and Net Zero Carbon Emissions by 2050; Operating in Today’s Oil Market and Why Shale is Really a “Tech Business”","WASHINGTON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--BP CEO Bernard Looney speaks with IHS Markit Vice Chairman Daniel Yergin for ""CERAWeek Conversations."" www.ceraweek.com/conversations",INFO,en,Business Wire
2020-06-11 01:58:07-05:00,Bringing people together: The role of hydrogen in a deeply decarbonized future,"Hydrogen is unique among energy carriers due to its ability to unify. Geographically, the breadth of interest in hydrogen as an energy carrier is worldwide. There are—so far—no issues of geopolitical conflict or complexity involved. Countries across the world see hydrogen as either a tool to meet ambitious decarbonization goals or an opportunity for export. High solar-resource hydrocarbon exporting countries in the Middle East, highly industrialized energy-importing countries in Asia and Europe, gas-rich countries like Russia, coal-rich countries like Australia - all show positive interest in hydrogen. Hydrogen could develop into a globally traded energy source, like oil and gas. But also, it can be produced domestically, reducing dependency on imported fuels. than 50% as the technology improves and renewable energy becomes cheaper (see figure 1). As a result, many utilities are looking at hydrogen and other renewable gases to green their pipelines. Figure 1: Evolution of the production cost of renewable electricity based hydrogen Interestingly, hydrogen brings together the interests of traditional fossil fuels (such as oil, coal, and gas) with renewable energy generators.",INFO,en,IHS Markit
2020-06-10 02:54:58-05:00,"The balancing effect of low oil prices, rising capacity, and COVID-19 on gas-fired power in China","Collapsing oil demand caused by the global spread of the coronavirus (COVID-19) disease 2019 has more than halved oil prices from the average 2019 level, even with the recent agreement to reduce oil production. The Brent oil price, which is expected to average $36/bbl in 2020 will bring the average landed price of LNG imports down by around $3/MMBtu. At this level, the monthly average landed prices of LNG imports approach but do not break the level at which gas is competitive against coal in power generation. The landed price of LNG imports needs to fall to $2.5/MMBtu for gas to be competitive against coal in power generation. Only when the Brent oil price drops below $20/bbl for several months that the average contracted LNG imports will become competitive against coal for power generation in 2020. Figure 1: Balancing effect on mainland China's gas-fired power Nonetheless, gas-fired power generators will realize some fuel-cost savings, depending on fuel procurement contracts and generators' accessibility to the international LNG market.",INFO,en,IHS Markit
2020-06-10 02:43:41-05:00,Article: COVID-19 - Member states urge MEPs to sign-off on spending unused cash for rural development,"This is taken from our IEG Policy dated 08/06/20. Member states have called on the European Parliament to finalise the criteria to use left-over rural development programmes to help the agricultural sector deal with the COVID-19 crisis. In April, the European Commission announced plans to ease the economic impacts from the coronavirus pandemic on farmers by increasing their access to cash from the CAP's rural development programmes. IHS Markit obtained a letter from the Council's Special Committee on Agriculture, the main preparatory body for the AGRIFISH Council, which said member states had now agreed on how this money should be used. This cash refers to each member state's rural development programme for the 2014-2020. This is also known as the ""second pillar"" of the Common Agricultural Policy (CAP) and has a total funding of €150 billion over the seven-year period. The Commission has said there is €6 billion unspent by member states and wants to use this money as a quick solution to address the COVID-19 financial burden being faced by farmers.",INFO,en,IHS Markit
2020-06-06 20:00:00-05:00,Chaotic COVID Response Sparks Revival In Once Despised Plastics Industry,"Chaotic COVID Response Sparks Revival In Once Despised Plastics Industry Tyler Durden Sat, 06/06/2020 - 21:00 We penned a piece last week describing how the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) recommended single-use disposable items (i.e., plasticware: plastic cups, dishes, straws, and utensils) to all restaurants across the country for reopening. It certainly seemed odd, and a little illogical, that, somehow, single-use food-service items would replace traditional restaurant ware, all because the government said it would limit the spread of COVID-19. Maybe Gov. Gavin Newsom was right when he questioned surface transmission of the virus and blamed plastic and petrochemical manufacturers for ""trying to influence CDC guidelines for reopening food establishments in their favor."" If you've noticed, the use of plastics has increased during the pandemic, from restaurants to grocery stores, plastic is back in a very big way because the government says its more sanitary. While COVID-19 seemingly survives on all surfaces, including plastic, plasticware at restaurants is no safer than ceramic dishware and metal utensils, which, by the way, are properly cleaned and sanitized.",INFO,en,Zero Hedge
2020-06-05 01:38:10-05:00,The Brazilian drilling market hurdles,"<span/> The drilling market has always been the first and most impacted when there is a crisis in the oil and gas segment, especially by the decrease in exploration. Drilling is a key indicator of the level of short- and medium-term activities expected for the entire sector. Globally, the current scenario is not too optimistic, as suppliers have already registered losses in the first quarter of the year, with the sector hit hard by the COVID-19 economic and health crisis. <span/> Nonetheless, there are some differences between the current downturn and the one in 2014-15, especially in Brazil. In the previous downturn, the Brazilian upstream market was concentrated around Petrobras to develop the presalt, with high local content rules and few bid rounds. In addition to the oil crash, the operator faced a perfect storm owing to a lack of cash flow and a paralyzing corruption scandal. In the middle of the scandal investigation, Brazilian suppliers had to not only restructure their debt but also handle reduced demand and Petrobras's blockage of new contracts.",INFO,en,IHS Markit
2020-06-03 11:33:11-05:00,"Índice de atividade no Brasil melhora em maio, mas ainda aponta retração, diz consultoria","O PMI, calculado pela IHS Markit, mostra que o mês teve outra queda considerável da atividade do setor privado, especialmente no setor de serviços. Funcionários de empresa têxtil que é uma fornecedora da indústria automotiva, em Osnabrueck, na Alemanha, fazem máscaras para serem usadas em meio à pandemia de Covid-19 Friso Gentsch / AFP O Índice Consolidado de Dados de Produção (PMI) brasileiro em maio foi de 28,1 pontos, de acordo com a consultoria IHS Markit. O resultado foi divulgado nesta quarta-feira (3) e registrou o primeiro crescimento do indicador em quatro meses. O índice foi apenas ligeiramente superior ao recorde de baixa de 26,5 registrado em abril. A marca de 50 pontos separa crescimento de retração. O resultado indica outra queda considerável da atividade do setor privado. O volume de produção continuou a se contrair acentuadamente, tanto na economia do setor industrial quanto na de serviços, diz a consultoria. Com pandemia, produção industrial tem tombo recorde de 18,8% em abril, diz IBGE “Os volumes de novos negócios recebidos foram novamente bastante mais baixos, caindo a uma taxa quase inalterada em relação ao recorde para as séries observado em abril"", diz o relatório.",INFO,pt,Globo
2020-06-03 03:11:01-05:00,France : la contraction de l'activité du secteur privé a ralenti en mai | Zone bourse,"L'activité du secteur privé en France s'est moins contractée qu'initialement annoncé en mai, selon les données définitives publiées mercredi par IHS Markit. L'indice PMI composite de la France a… | 3 juin 2020",INFO,fr,Zonebourse
2020-06-03 00:41:26-05:00,Lockdown impact: India services PMI contracts sharply in May,"The services Purchasing Manager’s Index released by IHS Markit stood at 12.6 in May, slightly better than 5.4 recorded in April.Manufacturing PMI fell sharply at 30.8 in May, though slightly better than 27.4 recorded in April",INFO,en,Livemint
2020-06-02 09:12:00-05:00,"Zacks.com featured highlights include: Keurig Dr Pepper, Bristol-Myers Squib, Vistra Energy, IHS Markit and Campbell Soup","Zacks.com featured highlights include: Keurig Dr Pepper, Bristol-Myers Squib, Vistra Energy, IHS Markit and Campbell Soup",INFO,en,Zacks Investment Research
2020-06-02 02:00:00-05:00,"Mark Carney, Former Bank of England Governor: How Banks are Better Positioned to Deal with Downturn This Time; Why China Has Less Room to Act as a Global Stimulus and How Energy Transition Will Move “More and More to Center Stage” for Investors","WASHINGTON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Former Bank of England Governor Mark Carney speaks with IHS Markit Chairman and CEO Lance Uggla for the latest edition of ""CERAWeek Conversations.""",INFO,en,Business Wire
2020-06-01 14:56:51-05:00,Sony is already hinting at a high price for the PS5,"Sony has yet to announce its PS5 price, but in an interview last week, SIE CEO Jim Ryan said that the console will provide the ""best possible value"" but not the ""lowest price."" Sony will hold a PS5 reveal event on June 4th to show off games running on the console. The price and release date of the PS5 are not expected to be revealed at the event. Providing its plans haven't changed, Sony will host a digital event on Thursday, June 4th to showcase ""The Future of Gaming"" on the PlayStation 5. Sony Interactive Entertainment CEO Jim Ryan said that fans who tune in will get their first look at the games coming to the PS5, but he didn't say anything about the hardware itself, leading us to believe that the price and release date of the console will not be revealed during this event. Details like these may be weeks or even months away, but in a recent interview with GamesIndustry.biz , Ryan hinted at the price of the PS5, and, based on his comments, we shouldn't expect anything budget-friendly. ""I think the best way that we can address this is by providing the best possible value proposition that we can,"" Ryan said about the significant challenge of selling an expensive new product in the midst of a pandemic and an economic recession. ""I don't necessarily mean lowest price.",INFO,en,BGR
2020-06-01 03:43:00-05:00,"Última hora | Garamendi volverá a negociar con el Gobierno por ""responsabilidad""","La crisis del covid continúa mostrando su cara más amarga, no sólo en lo referente a la salud, sino también en el lado económico. En este sentido, el impacto de la enfermedad ya se ha hecho patente en empresas y los datos macroeconómicos de todo el mundo. Ahora los gobiernos, bancos centrales y empresas lanzan todo tipo de medidas para evitar que el golpe se convierta en permanente con la destrucción del tejido productivo del país por un cierre en masa de empresas, que ahora, en muchos casos, atraviesan una situación complicada. 13:00 | Botín pide un plan a muy corto plazo para evitar la desaparición de pymes por el covid La presidenta del Banco Santander, Ana Botín, ha reclamado un plan a muy corto plazo para apoyar a las personas y las empresas más afectadas por la pandemia del coronavirus para evitar su desaparición, al tiempo que ha llamado a reactivar la economía cuanto antes pero con las medidas de seguridad necesarias para transmitir confianza. Botín pide un plan a muy corto plazo para evitar la desaparición de pymes por el covid Europa Press ""Por cada día que no se abre, está costando a la economía española muchos puestos de trabajo"", ha señalado la presidenta del Santander Durante el Pleno Extraordinario de la Cámara de España celebrado el 1 de junio, Botín ha sostenido que la reapertura económica requiere que las personas confíen en que la vuelta es segura, por lo que ha apelado a la colaboración entre empresas, gobierno central y autonómicos y autoridades sanitarias para ofrecer esa confianza. 12:48 | La banca inyecta 63.000 M con avales ICO a empresas a través de 500.000 operaciones Las entidades financieras han superado ya el medio millón de operaciones avaladas por el Instituto Oficial de Crédito (ICO) a empresas, pymes y autónomos, que suman una financiación al tejido productivo de 63.144 millones de euros.",INFO,es,El Confidencial
2020-06-01 03:09:01-05:00,France : la contraction du secteur manufacturier a ralenti mais est restée forte en mai | Zone bourse,"L'activité manufacturière en France a encore fortement ralenti au mois de mai, mais le rythme de contraction a diminué par rapport à avril, selon les données définitives publiées lundi par IHS Markit…. | 1 juin 2020",INFO,fr,Zonebourse
2020-05-31 00:06:14-05:00,IHS Markit Agribusiness Market Reporting Services are Changing,"At IHS Markit, we are making some exciting changes to a number of our Agribusiness market reporting and current information services, which are due to join IHS Markit's flagship information delivery platform Connect . Connect is a powerful business and market intelligence platform which provides efficient access to an unmatched concentration of industry analysis, in-depth market research and economic forecasts from over 2,000 world renowned experts. This is part of our commitment to delivering greater value to our clients, via a more intuitive, online service. You will continue to receive your usual agribusiness marketing reporting content, produced by the existing, reliable, expert analyst and research teams, on an ongoing basis, plus a number of benefits from the new service. These changes will take place before the end of June , and we will be communicating additional information to clients on what is happening and when, over the course of this period. Which services are changing? Four news and market reporting services from IHS Markit Agribusiness are joining Connect: Agrow Animal Pharm IEG Vu IEG Policy In order to better align to the industry each service represents, and to the other coverage areas on the Connect platform, each service is renaming to the following: Agrow - Crop Science Animal Pharm - Animal Health IEG Vu - Food and Agricultural Commodities IEG Policy - Food and Agricultural Policy What is Connect?",INFO,en,IHS Markit
2020-05-27 08:44:28-05:00,IHS Markit and OpenGamma join forces to help clients with UMR,The offering will unite OpenGamma’s pre-trade margin analytics with IHS Markit’s post-trade derivatives calculation service and aims to provide end-to-end support for in-scope entities,INFO,en,SecuritiesLendingTimes
2020-05-26 00:35:17-05:00,OSV market in Brazil: recovery postponed,"<span/> Although coronavirus (COVID-19) and low oil prices will reduce activity, operators which have already rig contracts will likely stick with the drilling plan but with a smaller number of wells. This time drilling activity will be in both exploration at new wildcats and in some development wells. Shell, ExxonMobil and Petrobras are expected to spud new exploration wells in 2020 and Petrobras will continue focusing drilling wells at pre-salt fields in the Mero and Buzios fields, and maybe some Campos assets like Roncador and Albacora. These will be the main drivers of the demand for AHTS that works in the anchorage, supply and installation activities associated with drilling and hook-up of new FPSOs or MODUs (mobile offshore drilling units). Adding to the reductions in the demand for new wells, Petrobras is hibernating several shallow water units, dropping also the demand for general purpose PSVs. Furthermore, some OSV operations have been suspended in Rio de Janeiro (from where the presalt and Campos are served), after some cases of COVID-19 contamination in crews were found.",INFO,en,IHS Markit
2020-05-23 22:49:54-05:00,Dharmendra Pradhan sees fuel demand reaching pre-Corona level next month as India gets back to work,"NEW DELHI: India has regained 65% of its appetite for fuel and demand will reach nearly pre-pandemic levels next month as economic activities pick up pace after the government’s announcement of a stimulus package and staggered easing of Corona restrictions, oil minister Dharmendra Pradhan told TOI on Saturday.“The world has seen an unprecedented erosion in fuel demand. Many countries saw refineries being shut down, plans being rescheduled. India has fared better in comparison. After the lockdown began (from March 25), fuel demand had dropped to 30-35% of the level seen in April 2019. Yet, major production capacities remained operational. Demand is back at 65% of the May 2019 level and will reach pre-Corona level in June,” Pradhan said.This compares well with fuel consumption in China, the world’s second-largest oil consumer and the pandemic's epicentre, reaching 90% of the pre-Corona level after losing 40% of the demand in February, as per an IHS Markit report.A rebound in fuel demand indicates India is getting back to work and the world’s third-largest energy market is poised to regain its position as the global demand centre. “The pattern (the pace of consumption growth) may change.",INFO,en,Economic Times India
2020-05-22 03:03:19-05:00,Europe’s gas battleground: Why low gas prices will not curb LNG deliveries,"Despite a 5% decline in overall European gas demand in 2020, we still expect LNG imports to Europe to grow nearly 7% year on year to reach 90 million metric tons. Most of this growth will result from the 23% growth in the first four months of 2020, import volumes through the rest of the year will remain at similar levels with 2019. At first glance, this resilience seems counterintuitive, but it reflects Europe's role as the LNG market of last resort. European forward prices for June delivery have declined to $1.8/MMBtu at the time of publication. At this price level, US LNG currently appears to be out of the money throughout this summer and into September. Many US cargoes are unlikely to be delivered to Europe in summer 2020 from June onward. Indeed, at least 16 US LNG off-takers have canceled or suspended more than 20 cargoes for loading in late May and in June from Corpus Christi, Freeport, and Sabine Pass LNG. Many non-US LNG suppliers can live with this level of pricing in Europe, for a short time at least.",INFO,en,IHS Markit
2020-05-22 01:41:21-05:00,Trade in 2020 - the initial results and possible scenarios forward,"Key points: After an already sluggish 2019 a major upturn was expected in global trade in 2020; COVID-19 pandemic, the biggest black swan in a century, destroyed it World merchandise trade is expected to fall in real value by 13.6% in 2020 due to the COVID-19 pandemic A major recovery in trade is expected in 2021; its actual size will depend on the severity and the actual duration of the outbreak and the effectiveness of the policy responses worldwide The pandemic is affecting all regions; however, the severity of the impact is asymmetric with Europe being hit the hardest The available Q1 2020 results from the IHS Markit Global Trade Atlas as reported by national sources point to a significant and asymmetric shock in the first quarter of the year PMI new export orders adjusted for most of the states in April 2020 is significantly below the 2009 levels indicating the size of the downturn; as the most prominent leading indicator it points to the possible bottom in Q2 2020 The impact on trade will be larger on sectors (products) with more complex and geographically dispersed forward and backward linkages in the global value chains (GVCs) The impact will be direct due to restrictions on trade and production imposed as well as indirectly due to the impact on global demand The impact is not restricted to merchandise trade only; certain services sectors, such as passenger air transport, will be more adversely affected We now expect the value of global trade to reach USD 16,397.",INFO,en,IHS Markit
2020-05-22 00:25:20-05:00,Flash PMI surveys show downturns easing in developed economies amid looser lockdowns,"Flash PMI™ survey data highlight a broad-based moderation of the rate of economic decline in May, albeit with all major developed economies still in severe downturns Looser COVID-19 containment restrictions helped ease the rate of contraction Further relaxation of containment measures will help economies in coming months, but longer-term outlooks remain gloomy. Ongoing efforts to control the coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) pandemic led to sharp declines in output and employment across the major developed world economies for a third successive month in May, according to the latest business survey data, but rates of decline showed a welcome easing, in part due to some lifting of virus containment measures. IHS Markit's 'flash' PMI (Purchasing Managers' Index) surveys provide the first internationally comparable insights into business conditions each month. The surveys had shown record declines in output, demand and employment globally in April as countries ramped up their efforts to prevent healthcare systems from being overwhelmed by the coronavirus outbreak.",INFO,en,IHS Markit
2020-05-21 22:46:13-05:00,"Oil Is Crashing After China's ""Great Uncertainty"" Statement","Oil Is Crashing After China's ""Great Uncertainty"" Statement Tyler Durden Thu, 05/21/2020 - 23:46 Although Beijing announced some new stimulus measures, it appears markets prefer to focus on the ""great uncertainty"" that Chinese officials see ahead (due to the coronavirus) leading to a decision to not release a target for economic growth has thrown the ""v-shaped"" recovery narrative out the window (for now). “The nascent demand recovery is still vulnerable, and the drop in prices today is an injection of reality,” said Victor Shum, vice president of energy consulting at IHS Markit in Singapore. “China not giving a GDP target means they are not quite certain about the recovery yet.” WTI has crashed over 9%, with the July contract trading back down at a $30 handle… And US futures are notably weaker with Nasdaq leading the drop...",INFO,en,Zero Hedge
2020-05-21 16:18:06-05:00,IHS Markit : “Great Shut-in” Hits North America—U.S. Oil Producers to Halt 1.75 Million Barrels Per Day of Production | MarketScreener,"'Great Shut-in' Hits North America-U.S. Oil Producers to Halt 1.75 Million Barrels Per Day of Production Canada expected to cut half a million barrels per day… | May 21, 2020",INFO,en,MarketScreener
2020-05-21 07:56:36-05:00,La confianza en la economía de la zona euro empieza a recuperarse del ‘shock’ del coronavirus,El índice PMI de la consultora IHS Markit alcanza en mayo su máximo desde el inicio de la pandemia,INFO,es,El Pais
2020-05-21 04:27:02-05:00,Economia europeia dá sinais de recuperação lenta,"O relatório publicado hoje pela IHS Markit dá alguma esperança de que o pior já ficou para trás, mas indica também que a recuperação da economia europeia vai ser lenta.",INFO,pt,Jornal de Negócios
2020-05-20 07:48:19-05:00,Automotive Rapid Response Report - 20 May 2020,"As the COVID-19 pandemic continues to unfold, IHS Markit offers uniquely actionable, rapid insights to drive your business. Insights powered by the most up-to-date information available provide critical intelligence to inform near-term planning and longer-term strategic decision making. Download our weekly Rapid Response Report to get real-time market feedback on specific market actions that will help you get a step ahead and help determine which actions to take next. DOWNLOAD REPORT A 34% week-on-week (w/w) increase in national retail registration volume, representing almost 61,000 units Non-Luxury crossover utility vehicle (CUV)/sport utility vehicle (SUV) segments had the highest volume improvement w/w, contributing over 40% of the overall gain in retail registrations Pickup segments resume w/w improvement of 30%, inventory constraints on popular models as days supply contracts by 22% Luxury segments w/w improvement of 50%, representing a 10,000-unit increase Highlighting the top three retail volume states, there are notable differences between the segments contributing to the w/w improvements: 66% w/w increase in New York as the state continues its phased re-opening, with all beaches set to open for the upcoming holiday weekend 40% w/w increase in Texas, the largest volume improvement of all states, despite the increase in coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) cases as the state opens retails, restaurants, movie theaters, and more.",INFO,en,IHS Markit
2020-05-19 16:27:51-05:00,Container-Ship Owners In Crossfire As Liners Slash Service,"Container-ship lessors represent one of the most crowded segments in the U.S.-listed shipping arena – and one of the most highly leveraged to COVID-19. Such owners, known as ""tonnage providers,"" lease vessels for varying lengths of time to liner companies, which use chartered ships to complement their owned fleets. If global consumer demand rebounds robustly, stocks of tonnage providers should surge. If there's an extended downturn, they face years of pain. Liners have heavily ""blanked"" (canceled) sailings to cut costs and prop up freight rates in the wake of lower consumer demand. The longer fleet capacity exceeds coronavirus-reduced demand, the more likely that liners will permanently reduce fleet size by letting expiring charters roll off without renewal, and possibly even seek to renegotiate rates on long-term charters. As IHS Markit (NYSE: INFO ) Director of Transportation Consulting Paul Bingham recently told FreightWaves, ""The whole reason carriers deliberately have a portfolio-management strategy [fleets partially owned, partially chartered] is that you don't want to get stuck with a 100% owned fleet at a time like this.",INFO,en,Benzinga Feeds
2020-05-19 06:15:21-05:00,Measuring country risk from the bottom up results in opportunities,"In the wake of COVID-19, uncertainty has risen globally, and businesses and individuals are trying to figure out how different the future will look. One key question is how risks to the profitability of operations and new investments will change globally, and how this will differentiate between countries and sectors. The depth of the recession will have a dramatic effect on prospective business income. However, companies also have to assess the likelihood of even these expected returns not being obtained. A key metric in making these calculations is the country risk premium (CRP). In March 2020, IHS Markit released an interim update to our CRP calculations, with an update to our Country Risk Investment Model . This represents the first update of country risk premium measures since the COVID-19 pandemic spread outside of Asia, and so now is an apt time to evaluate the difference between our approach and a market-led approach, and in doing so understand the additional cost due to country risk that is likely to follow this pandemic.",INFO,en,IHS Markit
2020-05-19 01:03:06-05:00,Solar PV module manufacturing base continues to consolidate in 2020,"In 2019, global PV module shipments grew by 30% and reached 138 GW as shown in IHS Markit's recently developed Global PV Shipment Dashboard included in the Solar PV Module service . The share of the top 20 players continued to increase, reaching 71% of total shipments and continuing the trend of consolidation throughout the supply chain seen throughout the last decade. This indicates that the total volume shipped by the top 20 players has increased more than nine times since 2010. Over the past decade, the top player rankings (by shipment volume) have changed significantly with Chinese module manufacturers becoming dominant among the top ten suppliers and with Japanese and North American companies moving away from the top positions. Despite dominance by Chinese manufacturers, there has also been significant shifts within the top companies. Trina Solar is the only company that has remained in the top five throughout the last decade, with JinkoSolar, JA Solar, LONGi, and Canadian Solar holding the rest of the top positions in 2019.",INFO,en,IHS Markit
2020-05-15 07:00:00-05:00,IEA Executive Director Fatih Birol on What is Starting to Bring Oil Markets Back to Balance; Early Signs of Recovery in Global Energy Demand; and Why Predictions for the Demise of U.S. Shale are “Premature”,WASHINGTON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--IEA executive director Fatih Birol speaks with IHS Markit vice chairman Daniel Yergin for CERAWeek Conversations - available at www.ceraweek.com,INFO,en,Business Wire
2020-05-14 10:00:00-05:00,Chevron Chairman and CEO Mike Wirth Says the Oil Market Appears to “Have Found a Bottom;” How COVID-19 Has Accelerated the Digital Transformation in Energy; and Why the Industry is Essential to Combatting the Virus,WASHINGTON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Chevron chairman and CEO Mike Wirth speaks with IHS Markit vice chairman Daniel Yergin for the CERAWeek Conversations series,INFO,en,Business Wire
2020-05-14 07:00:00-05:00,U.S. Secretary of Energy Dan Brouillette on America’s Role in Securing International Agreements to Balance Energy Markets; How National Laboratories Are Supporting the COVID-19 Fight; and Why the U.S. Energy Industry Can “Bounce Right Back”,WASHINGTON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--U.S. Secretary of Energy Dan Brouillette speaks with IHS Markit Vice Chairman Daniel Yergin for the CERAWeek Conversations series.,INFO,en,Business Wire
2020-05-13 17:04:07-05:00,Ports Laying Groundwork For Post-Coronavirus Business,"Ports around the globe will have to change the way they do business in a post-pandemic world. Port officials already are changing the way they interact. The World Ports Conference was to have taken place in March in Antwerp, Belgium, but the spread of the coronavirus foiled that plan. So on Wednesday, industry thought leaders conducted the first in a series of webinars, this one titled ""Business as Usual: Adapting Port Business Models to Survive and Thrive in the Post-COVID-19 Era."" Port of Los Angeles Executive Director Gene Seroka said the Western Hemisphere's largest seaport has suffered ""two horrible shocks to the supply chain. One were the ill-advised trade policies out of Washington and second COVID-19. The knock-on effects of both will be felt for the rest of this year and into 2021. We simply don't have the demand in our economy today to support any notion of recovery in our industry for the United States and its major markets — 70% of the U.S. economy is driven by consumer sales products and consumption.",INFO,en,Benzinga Feeds
2020-05-13 06:09:27-05:00,Automotive Rapid Response Report - 13 May 2020,"As the COVID-19 pandemic continues to unfold, IHS Markit offers uniquely actionable, rapid insights to drive your business. Insights powered by the most up-to-date information available provide critical intelligence to inform near-term planning and longer-term strategic decision making. Download our weekly Rapid Response Report to get real-time market feedback on specific market actions that will help you get a step ahead and help determine which actions to take next. An 18% week-on-week (w/w) decrease in national registration volume coming off the April sales close: A 25% w/w decline across all pickup segments, pickups were a considerable highlight in April with a positive year-on-year (y/y) trend in performance April concluded with a 3% month-on-month (m/m) decline across pickup segments, resulting in a 1% y/y decline Starting in May, several OEMs de-escalated finance incentives from 0% for 84 months to 0% for 72 months as inventory pressure dissolves A 20% w/w decrease observed across the Midwest cooperative manufacturing states: A 3% w/w increase in Michigan, momentum continues as manufacturing plans are solidify and employees are heading back to work An 18% w/w decline in the high-volume non-luxury SUV/CUV segments, segments previously with strong weekly gains through April As manufactures continue to work through their recovery plans and some new models are delayed, this will have an impact on vehicle showrooms—extending existing models and influencing incentives and marketing initiatives.",INFO,en,IHS Markit
2020-05-13 04:23:44-05:00,L&G agrees two pension risk transfer transactions with IHS Markit,"Legal & General has today announced it has agreed two pension risk transfer transactions with information provider IHS Markit, one The post L&G agrees two pension risk transfer transactions with IHS Markit appeared first on CityAM .",INFO,en,City AM
2020-05-12 07:59:53-05:00,How is polymer demand impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic?,"Plastic demand drivers: Some sectors gain, others weaken The coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) pandemic is an unprecedented global crisis that, by many calculations will have a deep and devastating economic and social impact on the scale of the Great Depression, and in the process will far surpass the fallout from the 2008-09 recession. Apart from the direct economic and business impact, it is becoming clear that this pandemic will also cause far-reaching structural and behavioral shifts: people working more from home, increased expenditure on health and wellbeing, preference for online shopping, and reduced discretionary expenditure, to name a few. For plastics, the big question is: will the impact outpace or lag the economic fallout? At the outset, this crisis gave plastics a major image makeover amongst consumers; there is now a widely held view that plastic products are safer and cleaner than the recycled and reusable solutions being touted earlier and are at the forefront of the fight to contain the spread of contagion.",INFO,en,IHS Markit
2020-05-12 07:19:38-05:00,Blog: How will Coivd-19 affect the global crop protection sector?,"As part of a 'Day After Tomorrow' blue-skies thinking exercise we present some tentative thoughts about where the global crop protection sector may next be heading as it gradually looks beyond the initial impacts of COVID-19. Summary The key market trends would seem to be a continued sustained shift to biological solutions and decline in conventional Active Ingredients; and an increased predominance by China and India in the global Crop Protection market, particularly through generics and products coming off-patent. There is also likely to be a spurt in protectionist measures and 'de-globalisation'. New technology development and adoption might be accelerated, albeit tempered by reduced availability of R&D finance. Farmland consolidation looks set to continue, which again might propel the growth of digital agriculture. Key trends Increased trends towards sustainability and environmental solutions - such as biologicals. The COVID-19 pandemic might have a short-term impact on market growth but is likely to boost investment in biologicals as part of a wider shift to interest in food security and sustainable crop production and ensuring more robust supply chains.",INFO,en,IHS Markit
2020-05-12 00:44:46-05:00,Argentina: Unconventional Activity Update,"The year 2020 has been filled with surprises as the COVID-19 pandemic spreads worldwide, leaving many homebound, resulting in a negative impact for many industries and ultimately leading to a decline in oil and gas demand across the globe. The pandemic paired with a supply surplus has dramatically lowered the oil price and left the energy industry in a difficult position. Argentina's hydrocarbon sector is no exception. Although Argentina has been producing from conventional formations since 1920's, conventional production has been steadily declining since 2007. Once operators started exploring different drilling techniques and successfully drilled the first unconventional well in 2010, new possibilities opened up for the future of Argentina's energy industry both in the tight gas and shale regions. Over the years, both international and local operators have applied different frac parameters in the Vaca Muerta play as they work to understand its geologic and reservoir properties. Local operators have followed the example of national oil company, YPF, while major companies such as ExxonMobil, ConocoPhillips, and Chevron, have even taken their unconventional development experience used in their North America assets and have applied it to Argentina to expand and improve their portfolios.",INFO,en,IHS Markit
2020-05-11 01:20:47-05:00,Coronavirus (COVID-19) and Solar PV: How will the solar PV industry weather the storm of a global pandemic?,"Today, the world is in a unique and unprecedented position. The coronavirus (COVID-19) disease 2019 has been the catalyst for seismic changes, and such a storm of social, economic, and health implications has never been felt before in peacetime. The upcoming period will bring great challenges for all industries, economies, and individuals. It may also bring opportunities as the recovery takes place, and a new and different world emerges on the other side of this global crisis. <span/> The PV industry, being linked so closely to the decisions of policy makers, has always been subject to major swings in demand, with sudden—and often unexpected—changes to the outlook for the industry being a commonplace in the last 10 years. <span/> Over the years, IHS Markit has made several major unplanned adjustments to its global forecasts as a result of rapid changes in incentive policies and trade tariffs. <span/> However, none of them have been as drastic or as surrounded in uncertainty as those which have been made in response to the global pandemic and its subsequent global recession.",INFO,en,IHS Markit
2020-05-08 09:51:20-05:00,'Unprecedented disruption' puts North East on way to highest unemployment,The PMI data from NatWest and IHS Markit has reached its lowest level since starting in 2001,INFO,en,Business Live
2020-05-08 05:03:03-05:00,Technological improvements drive sand demand recover in Argentina,"As the global Oil & Gas Industry faces unprecedented market conditions, challenges pile up in Argentina. Besides the plunge in crude oil price, dragged by the nose-dive in demand, local industry faces a hesitating government with little room to maneuver, lack of infrastructure and even difficulties to sell its crude oil in the international market. The country suffers from serious shortage of dollars and budget constraints. As a result, in mid-2019 the government suspended the gas subsidies that boost drilling activity and production in its prolific shale formation Vaca Muerta. The new administration, that took office in December 2019, pledges to prioritize the industry's development but has not announced an Energy policy so far. The lack of appropriate infrastructure for gas outflow from the producing region limited the development of the resources through 2019, and will keep limiting it for years to come, as the construction of important pipelines are on hold, such as the Tratayén-Saturno gas pipeline.",INFO,en,IHS Markit
2020-05-06 23:21:00-05:00,UK House Prices Fall As Lockdown Brings Property Market To Standstill,"UK house prices declined for the second straight month in April as the property market came to a standstill after government announced lockdown to contain spread of coronavirus, data from the Lloyds Bank subsidiary Halifax and IHS Markit showed Thursday.",INFO,en,RTT News
2020-05-06 06:24:22-05:00,Automotive Rapid Response Report - 6 May 2020,"As the COVID-19 pandemic continues to unfold, IHS Markit offers uniquely actionable, rapid insights to drive your business. Insights powered by the most up-to-date information available provide critical intelligence to inform near-term planning and longer-term strategic decision making. Download our weekly Rapid Response Report to get real-time market feedback on specific market actions that will help you get a step ahead and help determine which actions to take next. Download Full Report A 14% decrease month-over-month (m/m) in national registration volume as we conclude April A 2% decrease m/m across the six southern states coordinating reopen activities As the co-ordination efforts continue, there are several manufacturing plants likely to open in May including Volkswagen (Chattanooga), GM (Spring Hill), and Nissan (Smyrna). As states start reopening their economies, it will be interesting to see if their recovery parallels our observations in China, where retail visits in some areas are 25% higher w/w.",INFO,en,IHS Markit
2020-05-06 05:55:53-05:00,"Zona do euro terá retração recorde e inflação vai desaparecer, prevê Comissão Europeia","Estimativa é de queda de 7,7% da economia da região em 2020, com Itália, Grécia, Espanha e Portugal entre os países mais afetados pelos efeitos da pandemia. Trabalhadores da Fiat Chrysler, em Atessa, na Itália, Cecilia Fabiano/LaPresse via AP A economia da zona do euro vai contrair a uma taxa recorde de 7,7% neste ano por causa da pandemia de Covid-19 e a inflação irá quase desaparecer, enquanto a dívida pública e o déficit orçamentário vão disparar, projetou a Comissão Europeia nesta quarta-feira (6). ""A Europa está passando por um choque econômico sem precedentes desde a Grande Depressão"", disse o comissário europeu para Assuntos Econômicos e Financeiros, Paolo Gentiloni. ""Mas a profundidade da recessão e a força da recuperação serão irregulares, condicionadas à velocidade com que as restrições podem ser suspensas, a importância de serviços como turismo em cada economia e pelos recursos financeiros de cada país"", disse ele. Mais da metade das 250 mil mortes por Covid-19 foi registrada na Europa A Comissão projeta que, conforme a economia encolhe este ano, os preços ao consumidor vão quase estagnar.",INFO,pt,Globo
2020-05-06 05:23:04.368000-05:00,India's service sector activity plummets at historic rate during April,"New Delhi: India's service sector recorded its largest month-to-month contractions in business activity and new orders since IHS Markit's data collection began over 14 years ago in April, according to the latest PMI data. Measures to stem the spread of coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19), such as restrictions on the movement of citizens and business shutdowns, were the key factors causing output and demand to fall at unprecedented rates. The impact of the global pandemic was particularly striking in export markets, with the entire survey panel registering lower overseas sales. The IHS Markit India Services Business Activity Index posted 5.4 in April, an extreme decline from 49.3 in March, and indicative of the most severe contraction in services output since records began in December 2005. According to panellists, activity fell severely as a result of the nationwide lockdown, leading businesses to shut down their operations as demand collapsed. Nearly 97 per cent of survey respondents observed a reduction in output, highlighting the widespread impact of the COVID-19 pandemic.",INFO,en,Sify.com
2020-05-06 03:16:43-05:00,Eurozone-Wirtschaft bricht im April so stark ein wie nie zuvor,"Der Sammelindex für die Produktion der Privatwirtschaft der Eurozone, der Industrie und Dienstleistungen umfasst, fiel auf das Rekordtief von 13,6 Zählern gegenüber 29,7 im Vormonat, wie das IHS Markit Institut bei einer zweiten Veröffentlichung berichtete. Beim ersten Ausweis war ein Rückgang auf 13,5 Punkte gemeldet worden.",INFO,de,Finanzen CH
2020-05-05 09:11:58-05:00,Actividad empresarial EEUU se hunde a mínimo histórico: IHS Markit,"La actividad empresarial de Estados Unidos se hundió a mínimo récord en abril, ya que el coronavirus SARS-CoV-2 golpeó fuertemente la producción de las industrias, confirmó un sondeo publicado el martes.",INFO,es,Reuters Latin America
2020-05-05 04:15:38-05:00,Global Auto Demand Tracker from IHS Markit,"With 31% of countries having reported results for April 2020, we are tracking for a 42 million SAAR (Seasonally Adjusted Annual Rate) for vehicle demand for the month, a drop of 22% from March. The Italian and Spanish passenger car markets collapsed in April, falling 97% and 96% year on year (y/y) respectively and accelerating the losses in March. The extension of the national lockdown measures to prevent the spread of the coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) virus that restricted movement and closed non-essential businesses throughout the month drove the collapse. Italy and Spain have been two of the worst affected countries in the region in terms of mortalities, hence the stringency of their respective governments. Italy is now down over 50% y/y for the year to date (YTD), and Spain over 48% y/y. The UK suffered a 97% y/y drop in April, again as government restrictions closed all but essential businesses and restricted movement. This was on top of the 44% y/y drop in volumes for the traditionally big-selling month of March.",INFO,en,IHS Markit
2020-05-05 01:00:06-05:00,Global Manufacturing PMI at 11-year low in April as only China reports growth,"Global manufacturing PMI at lowest since April 2009 amid COVID-19 pandemic Especially steep falls in output and new orders Record supply shortages reported China reported modest output growth with worsening pictures seen in all other countries Record rates of decline recorded in 26 of the 32 countries surveyed Weak demand likely to subdue recoveries Global manufacturing collapsed at a rate not seen since the height of the global financial crisis in April as increasingly widespread measures taken to fight the COVID-19 pandemic led to factory closures, slumping demand and supply chain delays. By country, only China saw any output growth, and even here the rise was muted due to falling demand, notably for exports. All other countries saw output trends deteriorate, with record rates of decline recorded in 26 of the 32 countries surveyed by IHS Markit. Excluding China, global output consequently fell to an extent exceeding that seen even during 2009. PMI at 11-year low The JPMorgan Global Manufacturing PMI, compiled by IHS Markit from its business surveys in over 30 countries, slumped from 47.3 in March to 39.7 in April, its lowest since the height of the global financial crisis in March 2009.",INFO,en,IHS Markit
2020-05-05 00:40:47-05:00,Worldwide trade shows record collapse in April amid virus lockdowns,"The global manufacturing PMI's export orders index can be used to accurately model worldwide trade flows, and indicated trade slumping at a quarterly rate approaching 15% in April A broad-based decline in exports was seen with all countries surveyed reporting lower export volumes A renewed slide in demand for exports from China highlights the risk of a second dip in global manufacturing after production lines are restarted Global manufacturing export orders collapsed at an unprecedented rate in April, according to the latest Purchasing Managers Index data from IHS Markit, as worldwide demand slumped amid the coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) pandemic. All countries surveyed reported falling export volumes. China, which has reopened production lines ahead of other countries, nevertheless saw output constrained by a renewed slide in export orders, which highlights the risk of persistent weak global demand limiting global manufacturing recoveries even after lockdowns are eased. Record fall in global trade The JPMorgan Global Manufacturing PMITM, compiled by IHS Markit from its business surveys in over 30 countries, saw new export orders decline in April to an extent not previously recorded since survey data were first available over 20 years ago.",INFO,en,IHS Markit
2020-05-04 06:43:02-05:00,Sell-Side Onboarding: How to Turn It into a Competitive Advantage,"For both the buy sides and sell sides, onboarding has remained a manual, ad hoc process. While other operational areas have benefited from next-generation technologies, onboarding teams on both sides have continued to rely for the most part on email and spreadsheets. But as global finance has become more complex and uncertain, the cracks in an overburdened process have widened. Trends such as the continued rollout of derivatives, global tax reforms, more rigorous KYC requirements and greater risk and compliance activities have stretched onboarding teams to breaking point. For the sell side, the incentives for getting the process right have never been greater, as onboarding speed and responsiveness has become a factor that directly influences the buy side's decision to work with a specific counterparty. But what is the best way to remediate and accelerate sell side onboarding? Through bilateral conversations across both the buy side and sell side, SIFMA Asset Management Group and IHS Markit explored the challenges banks and brokers face and identified best practices that are helping them enhance onboarding speed and efficiency without compromising diligence.",INFO,en,IHS Markit
2020-05-04 05:20:04-05:00,La pandemia provoca un derrumbe histórico de la actividad industrial de la zona euro,El índice PMI manufacturero de la consultora IHS Markit cae en España a mínimos de la Gran Recesión,INFO,es,El País
2020-05-04 02:43:48-05:00,El sector manufacturero español se hunde en abril a mínimos no registrados desde la crisis de 2008,"La actividad del sector manufacturero de España ha registrado en abril un profundo deterioro por el impacto de la pandemia del coronavirus y de las medidas de contención implementadas, según refleja el índice de gestores de compras PMI, que se ha situado en 30,8 puntos frente a los 45,7 del mes anterior, su peor lectura desde diciembre de 2008, durante la crisis financiera mundial. Las empresas encuestadas informaron de que la pandemia de Covid-19 y las severas restricciones aplicadas en el país a las actividades no esenciales, provocaron caídas de la producción manufacturera, así como de los nuevos pedidos y de las exportaciones. De hecho, las caídas en cada una de estas variables fueron las más intensas registradas en toda la serie histórica, que se remonta a 1998. Debido al confinamiento generalizado y a la paralización general de la actividad económica, los fabricantes disminuyeron sus actividades de compras a un ritmo récord del estudio en abril. Asimismo, los inventarios también se redujeron drásticamente, ya que los pedidos realizados a los proveedores tendieron a sufrir retrasos considerables.",INFO,es,ABC
2020-05-04 01:32:00.847000-05:00,Manufacturing output plummets amid COVID-19 lockdown,"New Delhi: There was an unprecedented contraction in Indian manufacturing output during April amid the national lockdown restrictions to help stem the spread of the coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) which in turn led to widespread business closures. In an environment of severely reduced demand, the new business collapsed at a record pace and firms sharply reduced their staff numbers. Meanwhile, both input costs and output prices were lowered markedly as suppliers and manufacturers themselves offered discounts in an attempt to secure orders. At 27.4 in April, the seasonally adjusted IHS Markit India Manufacturing PMI fell from 51.8 in March. The latest reading pointed to the sharpest deterioration in business conditions across the sector since data collection began over 15 years ago. The decline in operating conditions was partially driven by an unprecedented contraction in output. Panellists often attributed lower production to temporary factory closures that were triggered by restrictive measures to limit the spread of COVID-19.",INFO,en,Sify.com
2020-05-01 10:47:59-05:00,"Fábricas britânicas têm pior mês em três décadas, diz IHS Markit","Por David MillikenLONDRES, 1 Maio (Reuters) - As fábricas do Reino Unido tiveram a pior queda de produção e encomendas em ao menos três décadas em abril, conforme medidas adotadas para refrear a disseminação do novo… Leia mais",INFO,pt,Extra
2020-04-30 15:12:00-05:00,"Exclusive: Former BP Chief Executive – and Chair of the Francis Crick Institute – Lord John Browne on the Oil Industry’s Post-COVID-19 Future; How Pandemic Has Led to a Greater Realization of Climate Change and Why Government is “Back, Big Time”","WASHINGTON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--The former head of BP, Lord John Browne speaks with IHS Markit chairman and CEO Lance Uggla for the CERAWeek Conversations series.",INFO,en,Business Wire
2020-04-30 03:51:31-05:00,West African offshore rigs market reeling in the wake of oil price crash and pandemic – a near term outlook,"The West African offshore rigs market was barely back on its feet after the last downturn when the combination of the recent oil price crash and the coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) sent it reeling back with a double jab. According to data from RigPoint by IHS Markit, since February 1, before the oil price crashed and before COVID-19 really began to take hold on a global level, the number of drillships operating in the sector has dropped by 50% while the number of working jackups has dropped by 35%. By April 28, seven contracts had been terminated in the region with a further eight rigs placed under force majeure or on standby at a reduced dayrate. Both rig types have been significantly impacted however, floaters take up 52% of the total rig contracts affected so far while jackups make up 42%. Tough times ahead in the deepwater market Floater demand has plummeted across the region. Figure one depicts the changes to the forecasted demand in the floater sector between March and April 2020 along with the expected surplus of units.",INFO,en,IHS Markit
2020-04-29 04:01:55-05:00,Automotive Rapid Response Report - 29 April 2020,"As the COVID-19 pandemic continues to unfold, IHS Markit offers uniquely actionable, rapid insights to drive your business. Insights powered by the most up-to-date information available provide critical intelligence to inform near-term planning and longer-term strategic decision making. Download our weekly Rapid Response Report to get real-time market feedback on specific market actions that will help you get a step ahead and help determine which actions to take next. Download Full Report A 48% increase week-on-week (w/w) in national registration volume, with all states continuing their positive registration trends A 68% increase w/w across the seven eastern states coordinating reopen activities as shown below Download full report",INFO,en,IHS Markit
2020-04-29 01:58:36-05:00,Your F.O. Licht Services are Changing,"At IHS Markit, we are making some exciting changes to F.O. Licht, evolving these services by combining them into one, central improved site - IEG Vantage. This follows extensive customer discussions and our commitment to delivering greater value to our clients, via a more intuitive, online service. You will continue to receive your usual F.O. Licht content, produced by the existing, reliable, expert editorial teams, on an ongoing basis. We expected these changes to take place before the end of June, and will be communicating additional information to clients on what is happening and when, over the course of this period. What is IEG Vantage? IEG Vantage is the most comprehensive source of high-value proprietary agricultural commodity research and data, combined with expert market analysis and support, designed to deliver critical insight for agribusiness leaders to make informed, strategic business decisions. Powered by IHS Markit Agribusiness' independent and authoritative historical data, expert analysis, and precise forecasting services.",INFO,en,IHS Markit
2020-04-29 00:54:29-05:00,"China's Exports of Pharmaceuticals, Medical Equipment and Chemicals","When looking at world exports of pharmaceutical and medical equipment/chemicals*, the total export market (by $ value), the market has increased by 44% between 2010 and 2019, with an average year-on-year increase of 4% over the ten-year period. Within this frame, China is the eleventh largest exporter when ranked by value, representing a 2.4% of total market value with a 6% year-on-year increase. The US is the number one partner of pharmaceutical and medical equipment/chemical from China representing 18.07% of total Chinese exports. It's no surprise that market analysts are turning to trade data to assess the potential risks and disruptions to supply chains in 2020 amidst the coronavirus situation. Reviewing Chinese exports data to date (January plus February), and comparing the percentage change of units and values compared to last year, we can see which commodities are being prioritised and to who amidst a 4.6% decrease in tonnage exports compared to last year. Only two subheading (HS4) commodity groups saw any positive increase in export volumes compared to last year: HS3822 Composite Diagnostic/Laboratory Reagents and HS4015 Surgical & Medical gloves made of rubber.",INFO,en,IHS Markit
2020-04-23 23:58:09-05:00,Latest UN Annual Report on DPRK Sanctions,"The release of the United Nations North Korea Panel of Experts report for March 2020 outlines the main areas of activity deployed by the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK) to circumvent security council resolutions. The report outlines DPRK methods to avoid restrictions on commodity imports and exports together with recommendations and practical measures to address any shortcomings when implementing sanctions compliance programs relating to the country. The main areas of focus by the United Nations Panel include maritime activity especially in the transportation of oil, coal and sand by the DPRK via ship-to-ship transfers, luxury goods entering the country, foreign workers employed overseas in various industries in an effort to generate export earnings and trade, the increasing use of crypto currencies and cyber attacks to hinder the fight against sanctions efforts and the monitoring of trade in goods from various countries across the world. Ship-to-ship (STS) transfers of coal and oil are still a significant trade activity for the DPRK in order to raise revenue and also for domestic consumption with the port of Nampo a particular hotspot.",INFO,en,IHS Markit
2020-04-23 10:39:18-05:00,"Eurozone economy shrinking by quarterly rate of 7.5 per cent, survey says",Financial information firm IHS Markit said Thursday that its purchasing managers’ index for the eurozone — a broad gauge of economic activity — plummeted to an all-time low of 13.5 points in April from the previous record low of 29.7 in March.,INFO,en,The Star
2020-04-23 10:30:09-05:00,Why Is IHS Markit (INFO) Up 9.1% Since Last Earnings Report?,IHS Markit (INFO) reported earnings 30 days ago. What's next for the stock? We take a look at earnings estimates for some clues.,INFO,en,Zacks Investment Research
2020-04-23 09:21:00-05:00,"El hundimiento del PMI anticipa una ""contracción histórica"" del PIB de EEUU","La actividad del sector privado de Estados Unidos ha registrado en abril un desplome sin precedentes como consecuencia del impacto de la pandemia de Covid-19 y de las medidas de confinamiento implementadas para frenar su propagación, según refleja el dato preliminar del índice PMI, que se ha situado en un mínimo de toda la serie de 27,4 puntos, frente a los 40,9 puntos de marzo, anticipando una ""contracción histórica"" de la economía en el segundo trimestre. Las peticiones de paro de EEUU se ralentizan pero ya suman 26 M en cinco semanas Agencias El ritmo de solicitudes motivadas en la pandemia de covid-19, sin embargo, ha bajado, con 5,24 millones de solicitudes en la semana que terminó el 11 de abril, En el caso del sector servicios, el índice adelantado de gestores de compras ha caído en abril a un mínimo histórico de 27 puntos, frente a los 39,8 puntos de marzo, mientras que en el caso del sector manufacturero se ha situado en mínimos de los últimos 133 meses , con una lectura de 36,9 puntos. ""La escala de la caída del PMI se suma a los signos de que el segundo trimestre verá una histórica contracción de la economía"", indicó Chris Williamson, economista jefe de IHS Markit, quien subrayó que el deterioro en las cifras preliminares del PMI señalan que el deterioro de la actividad supera al registrado en el peor momento de la crisis financiera global, con una destrucción de empleo que también excede de cualquier otra comparación anterior.",INFO,es,El Confidencial
2020-04-23 06:57:34-05:00,IHS Markit vice chairman: Oil demand could be down by 30 million barrels a day in April,"A slide in demand for oil have kept markets on edge. WTI Crude is down more than 70% from its highs and, despite the bounce yesterday, investors are worried contracts could fall back into negative territory. Dan Yergin, IHS Markit vice chairman, joins ""Squawk Box"" to discuss.",INFO,en,CNBC
2020-04-23 05:35:00-05:00,"Coronavirus impact: Eurozone economy shrinking by quarterly rate of 7.5%, says survey",Financial information firm IHS Markit said Thursday that its purchasing managers' index for the eurozone a broad gauge of economic activity plummeted to an all-time low of 13.5 points in April from the previous record low of 29.7 in March. The firm has been compiling data for more than 20 years.,INFO,en,The Financial Express
2020-04-23 00:55:03-05:00,Coronavirus : les grandes entreprises françaises devraient renoncer à verser plus de 30 milliards d'euros de dividendes,"Selon une étude publiée par IHS Markit, les dividendes versés par les entreprises du SBF 120 devraient être divisés par deux par rapport à l'année dernière. Ils passeraient d'un niveau record de 64,5 milliards d'euros en 2019 à environ 33 milliards.",INFO,fr,Les Echos
2020-04-22 00:36:00-05:00,IHS Markit (INFO) Adds Jacques Esculier to Board of Directors,Esculier's addition to the IHS Markit (INFO) team will bring international leadership experience to its board.,INFO,en,Zacks Investment Research
2020-04-21 03:15:26-05:00,Global Light Vehicle Sales to Decline to 70.3 Million in 2020 due to COVID-19 Impact,"Global light vehicle sales are forecast to be down 22 percent to 70.3 million units this year in the wake of COVID-19, according to the most recent analysis from IHS Markit (NYSE: INFO). Likewise, regional forecasts have been impacted substantially, and impacts are being felt as facilities across key regions remain closed, while recovery gets underway in others. These forecasts are informed by the latest update of the IHS Markit global economic forecast update issued by the Economics and Country Risk team, which indicates a 2020 global real GDP growth hard and fast into ""real"" recession, down about 3 percent, with a very sharp reduction in near-term demand/supply followed by a slow recovery. ""The unexpected and sudden nature of the impacts of the pandemic are hitting the autos sector hard, with unprecedented levels of uncertainty around prospects for meaningful global recovery,"" said Colin Couchman, executive director, global autos demand forecasting at IHS Markit. ""Market fortunes are expected to be mixed, as delayed and destroyed demand interacts with massive global supply disruption,"" he said.",INFO,en,IHS Markit
2020-04-17 05:41:51-05:00,IHS Markit to publish index-tracking lending revenue reports,ISLA are among those to welcome IHS Markit’s has new monthly performance benchmarking reports that measure securities lending returns in six MSCI global equity indices,INFO,en,securitieslendingtimes.com
2020-04-16 07:58:43-05:00,Major cuts coming for US upstream and NGL sectors,"Operating in the oil and gas production space is like running on a treadmill; one must work continually just to stay in the same place. The speed of this treadmill (i.e. the rate of well decline) is particularly swift for the unconventional plays that provide most US supply. As such, the US upstream sector is both a major investment destination when times are good - and one of the first places to get cut when times are bad. The times today are undeniably bad. The scope of the demand destruction wrought by COVID-19 is such that even after OPEC and the Vienna Alliance agreed to a record 9.7 million b/d in crude production cuts on Sunday, oil prices barely budged on Monday. Even with full compliance to the cuts and expected shut-in production elsewhere, the world is still looking at a several million barrel per day average liquids surplus over the next few months, translating to dramatic crude storage builds. The lack of movement following the announcement also suggests that some expectation of a Vienna Alliance deal was already built into crude prices.",INFO,en,IHS Markit
2020-04-15 23:24:56-05:00,US manufacturing suffers record post-war decline in March amid COVID-19 crisis,"Manufacturing output slumps in March, following steep downturn in PMI Flash PMI data for April will likely show even steeper downturn as COVID-19 containment measures take further toll Data highlight how US is in recession US manufacturing output fell 6.3% in March, the steepest drop since 1946, as measures taken to contain the spread of COVID-19 took their toll on the factory sector. The latest decline greatly exceeds even the sharpest downturn recorded during the height of the global financial crisis, when the rate of production decline peaked at 3.5%. The March drop pulled output in the first quarter 1.8% lower than the fourth quarter of last year, which was almost exactly in line with the 1.9% quarterly deterioration signalled in advance by IHS Markit PMI data (see chart). Both PMI and official gauges therefore indicated the steepest quarterly falls in production since 2009, adding to our expectations that the US economy is entering a recession of the likes not seen in recent history.",INFO,en,IHS Markit
2020-04-15 08:09:00-05:00,IHS Markit's (INFO) automotiveMastermind Develops Virtual BDC,IHS Markit's (INFO) automotiveMastermind is in a continuous process of developing COVID-19-related resources for dealerships.,INFO,en,Zacks Investment Research
2020-04-15 03:02:52-05:00,Automotive Rapid Response Report - 14 April 2020,"As the COVID-19 pandemic continues to unfold, IHS Markit offers uniquely actionable, rapid insights to drive your business. Insights powered by the most up-to-date information available provide critical intelligence to inform near-term planning and longer-term strategic decision making. Download our weekly Rapid Response Report to get real-time market feedback on specific market actions that will help you get a step ahead and help determine which actions to take next. Download full report 95% month-over-month-to-date negative registration impact in Michigan with the implementation of the Shelter-in-Place Executive Order (vehicle sales suspended) 3% week-over-week registration increase in Michigan coinciding with the revision of the executive order, allowing online vehicle sales Florida is seeing a 53% decline with limited restrictions on automotive transactions States permitting online sales are seeing a 20% lower negative impact to their registration volume Download full report",INFO,en,IHS Markit
2020-04-15 02:46:35-05:00,COVID-19 Automotive R&D Impact Survey - Results,"The speed and scale of COVID-19 social and economic fallout is quickly materializing in concerns about the future recovery of vehicle demand with the associated consequences on OEMs' and suppliers' investment decisions. With cashflow drying up due to sales activity grinding to a halt in core markets and little prospect for an imminent ""return to normal"", automakers and suppliers are looking to shore up their finances by preserving cash and other non-critical expenses. This context combined with potential adjustments to the regulatory framework on key automotive aspects in the areas of e-mobility, autonomy and connected car, for example, could potentially have far-reaching implications on the technology deployment as well as short- and medium-term research investment priorities. The Automotive Supply Chain and Technology Team at IHS Markit has conducted a survey to gather automakers' and suppliers' view on: Size of research and development (R&D) budget cuts Outsourcing vs. in-sourcing of R&D activities Role of start-ups Impact on different domain and technology areas Regulatory framework changes Read full report",INFO,en,IHS Markit
2020-04-14 08:57:00-05:00,IHS Markit (INFO) Stock Rises 16.8% in a Year: Here's Why,"Consecutive better-than-expected bottom-line performances, a diversified global customer base and a solid recurring revenue-generation capacity are driving IHS Markit (INFO) stock.",INFO,en,Zacks Investment Research
2020-04-14 03:09:04-05:00,CPUC adopts lower greenhouse emissions scenario in 2030 IRP,"Under intense political pressure not to backslide on the state's nation-leading greenhouse gas reduction goals, the <span/> <span/> California Public Utilities Commission voted unanimously Thursday, March 26 to direct utilities and other load-serving entities around the state to submit resource procurement plans through 2030 based on significantly lower emission targets than had been envisioned in a previously proposed decision. The CPUC's vote to significantly change the decision proposed by an administrative law judge in the state-wide integrated resource planning (IRP) proceeding came a week after influential environmental groups and clean-energy advocates implored Gov. Gavin Newsom (D) to intervene on the matter. They warned him that the CPUC was ""poised to reverse course on state climate policy"" by adopting the proposed ALJ decision, which they said would establish a resource mix over the next decade that would result in unacceptable greenhouse gas increases. <span/> The CPUC voted 5-0 to adopt a revised decision that kept the ALJ's same proposed GHG emission target of 46 million metric tons (MMT) from the power sector that load-serving entities (LSE)—such as investor-owned utilities and community choice aggregators—are required to use as they build their procurement plans for each year through 2030.",INFO,en,IHS Markit
2020-04-13 02:31:11-05:00,Extended Lockdown Scenario Forecasts 18% Drop in Global Vehicle Sales,"IHS Markit is projecting an 18% drop in global new vehicle sales year-on-year under an extended COVID-19 lockdown scenario to 73.3 million units. Regionally, that breaks out to a 26% U.S. vehicle sales decline year-on-year to 12.6 million units; a 17% Europe vehicle sales decline to 17.1 million units; and a 14% China vehicle sales decline to 21.8 million units. The U.S. has seen a 30% decline in national registration volume in March 2020 over February 2020. Half of the U.S. is now seeing a month-on-month new vehicle registration decline of 25% or greater from February into March. As April unfolds, there will likely be a further decline as more states move to tighter consumer and business restrictions, IHS Markit suggested. IHS Markit said that the 40% chance of an extended lockdown forecast reflects immediate impacts of new containment measures that have been announced globally and expanded within countries already confronting the virus. A stronger economic response in 2021–2023, however, will push global growth above 3% annually.",INFO,en,PlasticsToday
2020-04-10 13:24:00-05:00,"Dividends of 7 top oil majors face a mounting risk of being cut, a top analyst warns","The coronavirus pandemic is slamming the oil and gas industry after causing the price of oil to collapse. Major oil companies are scrambling to cut costs to respond. Current dividend payouts from seven majors are not sustainable, a top analyst at IHS Markit told Business Insider. ""The risk is increasing that dividends will be cut if prices stay below $40,"" he said. Visit Business Insider's homepage for more stories . From ExxonMobil to Shell, the world's supermajors are no strangers to an oil price collapse. They've dealt with them many times before and survived. And during the last downturn, as recent as 2016, all but one major company — the Italian giant, Eni — was able to preserve their prized dividend payouts. But this oil price collapse is different. It wasn't just ignited by a price war , as in years past, but by an epic cratering of demand . That means that both oil production and downstream activity like refining are taking a hit. What's more, oil majors are far more leveraged this time around, says Lysle Brinker, an executive director of equity research and analysis at the research firm IHS Markit.",INFO,en,Business Insider
2020-04-10 00:16:51-05:00,Fuel consumption was never this bad at any point in last decade,"Fuel consumption in the country had never been this poor at any point during the last 10 years, the first estimate of total petroleum product consumption has revealed.As every economic activity got gummed up in the aftermath of the coronavirus lockdown, overall fuel consumption numbers in the country fell to their worst in a decade this March.With an overwhelming majority of buses, trucks, cars, motorcycles and every other vehicle type staying off the road since the lockdown set in, fuel consumption tanked to 16 million tonnes during the month — a steep 18 per cent nosedive.Suspension of all construction activities as well as railways and flight services (except trains/flights carrying essential goods) also contributed heavily to this fall.Sales of petrol fell by over 16 per cent to about 2 million tonnes. The fall of diesel, the fuel that the economy primarily runs on, was even more precipitous — with sales declining by more than 24 per cent to about 5.7 million tonnes.Down by a massive 90 per cent, the fall in the consumption of jet fuel was at a different level altogether.The only major fuel to buck this trend was LPG.",INFO,en,Economic Times India
2020-04-09 02:19:38-05:00,Lower crude prices will erase all expected US natural gas liquids production growth through 2021,"The combined one-two punch of ongoing demand destruction wrought by coronavirus (COVID-19) and obstinate overproduction by several key countries has sent crude prices reeling. As of early April, WTI was pricing in the mid-20 dollars per barrel range, with some heavier crudes in the teens or even single digits. And given that the demand impact will linger after COVID-19 has been brought to heel - and that US crude production is particularly vulnerable to low prices - IHS Markit is forecasting a significant (>26%) decline in American oil output. This, in turn, will have a significant impact on the production of ""associated"" natural gas. That is, natural gas production that comes from the same well as crude oil. IHS Markit expects such associated US gas output to fall by around 20% over the next two years. Some of this will be offset by higher ""non-associated"" production but, overall, US gas output is still poised for a major pullback in the coming years due to the ongoing low-price environment.",INFO,en,IHS Markit
2020-04-09 01:13:07-05:00,Latin America’s offshore activity levels to see slippage as a result of COVID-19,"As the COVID-19 pandemic continues its spread across the globe, the oil and gas industry has put into practice new procedures and processes to help mitigate potential infection to its workers. In our talks with O&G players, operators and contractors alike, we are hearing about increased port restrictions. Crew changes in every sector of the industry - rigs, vessels, production platforms - are becoming more difficult by the day and many ports are no longer permitting them. Looking specifically at Latin America, Mexico has adopted a no crew change policy and will not allow shore leave. Most countries in Central and South America have adopted these policies too. Though most Brazilian ports have suspended shore leave and crew changes outright, some of its ports are still allowing crew members to go ashore in cases of medical emergency or following a 7-14-day quarantine period onboard the vessel. Despite mitigation measures, positive cases of COVID-19 are being reported offshore. On 2 April, a Transocean drillship worker tested positive offshore Brazil, sending 18 workers to shore for quarantining.",INFO,en,IHS Markit
2020-04-08 05:59:11-05:00,"Weekly Pricing Pulse: Equities pause, but the commodity sell-off gathers pace","Equity markets have found support in the last two weeks, with the S&P 500 index bouncing 5.6% from its mid-March low. In contrast there remains an absence of buyers in commodity markets. As measured by IHS Markit's Materials Price Index (MPI), commodity prices have fallen 11.6% over the same period, dropping 7.1% last week alone. The MPI is now down nearly 26% since the start of the year and by almost 36% since its 2019 peak last July. Chemicals prices plummeted 19.4% last week as lower crude oil prices continue to move into feedstock costs. Lower feedstock costs have also coincided with a sharp drop in demand, which has swelled inventories, adding further downward pressure on prices. Ethylene prices fell 23.8% globally, but a staggering 50.8% fall in Europe as lockdowns across the Eurozone crippled the market. Benzene saw similar weakness falling 22.6% last week, with declines uniform throughout the world. Propylene fell 13.0% overall but US prices rose 11.8% bouncing on news that all major US producers are cutting production due to weak demand.",INFO,en,IHS Markit
2020-04-08 03:41:30-05:00,Automotive Rapid Response Report - 7 April 2020,"As the COVID-19 pandemic continues to unfold, IHS Markit offers uniquely actionable, rapid insights to drive your business. Insights powered by the most up-to-date information available provide critical intelligence to inform near-term planning and longer-term strategic decision making. Download our weekly Rapid Response Report to get real-time market feedback on specific market actions that will help you get a step ahead and help determine which actions to take next. Download Full report -18% Global vehicle sales decline YoY under extended lockdown to 73.3m -26% US vehicle sales decline YoY to 12.6m units -17% Europe vehicle sales decline YoY to 17.1m units -14% China vehicle sales decline YoY to 21.8m units",INFO,en,IHS Markit
2020-04-08 01:10:31-05:00,EPA Announces Enforcement Discretion Plan During Pandemic,"The US EPA has announced a temporary enforcement discretion policy for petrochemicals producers, refiners and other industries, as they respond to the COVID-19 pandemic. ""EPA's temporary enforcement discretion policy applies to civil violations during the COVID-19 outbreak. This policy does not provide leniency for intentional criminal violations of law,"" EPA said in a press statement. ""This temporary policy is designed to provide enforcement discretion under the current, extraordinary conditions, while ensuring facility operations continue to protect human health and the environment,"" said EPA Administrator Andrew Wheeler. Before it was announced, industry groups such as API had written to the agency to outline the areas of enforcement discretion that would help them maintain reliable operations without compromising health and safety (see article). But environmental groups also had written to the agency to say that no types of blanket waivers or discretion should be offered, but EPA should approach regulatory flexibility on a more case-by-case basis (see article).",INFO,en,IHS Markit
2020-04-07 08:37:32-05:00,Enabling clients to navigate markets,"7th Apr 2020 - 2:37pm Enabling clients to navigate markets Submitted 07/04/2020 - 2:37pm IHS Markit: Best ETF Back Office Tech Provider – IHS Markit’s DeltaOne team is recognised as the Best ETF Back Office Tech Provider in the 2020 European ETF Express Awards, reflecting its status as a pioneering data aggregation provider in the market. With more than a decade of expertise in Europe’s ETF industry, IHS Markit serves a robust ecosystem of firms, including the majority of sellside institutions, delta one desks and other leading market makers. As a prominent provider of data and analytics, IHS Markit enables clients to navigate conventional and volatile markets through scalable systems, live pricing information with per-second updates and an expansive team of experts who are responsive to shifting demands. “Our services have always focused on providing normalised data streams which enable our clients to construct the end-product they require for trading and risk management,” says Christopher Hare, Global Head of Product Development for DeltaOne at IHS Markit.",INFO,en,etfexpress.com
2020-04-07 02:37:01-05:00,Global lubricants demand also poised to take a hit,"The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic is truly an all-encompassing event, with no corner of the globe or sector of the economy escaping unscathed. Lubricants are no exception, though there is nuance to the story. Approximately 61% of global inland lubricants demand (excluding international marine lubricants) is accounted for by the transportation sector; that is, the lubrication of engines and parts within cars, trucks, planes, boats, and other moving vehicles. Not unsurprisingly, demand from this sector is quite vulnerable in the near-term since the movement of people and goods is being hammered by government lockdown measures and social distancing. Moreover, transport sector lubricants consumption is expected to fall faster than transport fuels demand as economic pressures will lead many vehicle owners to delay oil changes, stretching drain intervals beyond usual levels. Specifically, IHS Markit expects an approximately 10% decline in global motor fuels demand this year, but a nearly 14% drop in transport sector lubricants consumption.",INFO,en,IHS Markit
2020-04-06 11:16:03-05:00,"Produção de veículos na China deve cair 11,5% este ano, diz IHS Markit","PEQUIM (Reuters) - A produção de veículos leves da China cairá 11,5% este ano, para cerca de 21,6 milhões, e deverá crescer 7,5% no próximo ano, previu a empresa de pesquisa de mercado IHS Markit nesta segunda-feira.""A… Leia mais",INFO,pt,Extra
2020-04-06 05:19:56-05:00,Article: How COVID-19 will affect global biofuels demand,"Read below an article taken from our FO Licht platform dated 03/04/20. The novel coronavirus (COVID-19) outbreak is sending shockwaves through the global economy. The impact is particularly acute in oil product markets, as restrictions on international travel and regional and local movement prevent people and goods from circulating freely, which takes a heavy toll on transport fuel demand. In Europe, restrictions on movements and social contact have spread almost as fast as the virus itself, e.g. disrupting industrial production and lowering trade and shipping activities. Moreover, the peak is yet to come, as officials warn that the number of cases will continue to grow. An impact on the global biofuels market yet is hard to gauge. However, we take a quick look at some key markets, guided by the question to which extent the current projections for gasoline and gasoil and the existing blending targets would lower biodiesel and fuel ethanol demand. Given the very fluid situation this assessment will have to be updated regularly.",INFO,en,IHS Markit
2020-04-03 18:23:58-05:00,España encara la mayor caída del PIB desde la posguerra,"Más allá de la sopa de letras de una recuperación con la que se especula si tendrá forma de «V», de «U», de «L», de «I», de logo de Nike o de cabeza de Bart Simpson, lo que cada vez parece más evidente es que la primera caída que sufrirá la economía no tiene parangón en las últimas décadas. Un informe de Pimco para inversores ve que la actual crisis será «la primera de la Historia provocada por decreto» y puede ser «la más profunda y la más corta de la era moderna». España no saldrá indemne como ya se vio el pasado jueves tras el aumento de paro de marzo, y la caída que experimentará el Producto Interior Bruto (PIB) durante este año parece que será la mayor desde la posguerra. La mayor destrucción de actividad que los organismos prevén se puede dar en el trimestre que acaba de empezar, no encuentran reflejo en la serie histórica del INE en el último medio siglo. «La economía española se enfrenta al mayor “shock” de oferta y de demanda experimentado desde la Guerra Civil», señala en un informe Freemarket, que calcula que la caída de PIB en el primer trimestre será del 9,1% a lo que sucederá otro bajón del 4,7% en el segundo.",INFO,es,ABC
2020-04-03 04:51:27-05:00,"Economia europeia afunda 10% em março e o ""pior ainda está para vir""","""Nenhum país está a escapar a uma contração severa"", diz Chris Williamson, economista-chefe da IHS Markit.",INFO,pt,Jornal de Negócios
2020-04-03 03:31:58-05:00,"UK Final Services PMI misses estimates with 34.5 in March, GBP/USD refreshes lows","The UK services sector activity contracted more-than-expected in the month of March, the final report from IHS Markit showed this Friday. The seasonal",INFO,en,FXStreet
2020-04-02 04:58:39-05:00,US Supreme Court Safe Berth Clause,"On 31 March 2020 the US Supreme Court decided that the safe berth clause in charter parties establishes a warranty of safety, in what is being hailed as monumental but widely expected decision that could have far reaching consequences in the chartering market. In the relevant clause, the charter's duty to select a safe berth was absolute. The charter had to designate a berth that was safe and where the vessel could come and go always safely afloat. In the final paragraph of the Opinion, the Supreme Court stated, ""Charterers remain free to contract around unqualified language that would otherwise establish a warranty of safety, by expressly limiting the extent of their obligations or liability."" Therefore, the ability to understand which berths are safe for vessels to call, dependent on their draught, in the US has now become very important as failure to comply with this ruling will leave Charterers open from claims for any damages suffered by vessels if they ground entering a port they were chartered to.",INFO,en,IHS Markit
2020-04-02 00:31:20-05:00,Poland’s PMI the first indicator pummeled by COVID-19,"Poland’s manufacturing PMI crashed record 5.8 points to 42.4 in March to the lowest point since April 2009, IHS Markit reported on March 2. The …",INFO,en,bne IntelliNews
2020-04-01 07:18:46-05:00,Europas Leitbörsen am Nachmittag weiterhin stark unter Druck,"Große Angst vor erneuter Abwärtsbewegung nach der Erholung der letzten Wochen. Nach schwachen Vorgaben aus Fernost und alarmierenden Worten des US-Präsidenten notierten die europäischen Leitbörsen am Mittwoch am frühen Nachmittag weiterhin deutlich in der Verlustzone. Gegen 13.20 Uhr stand der Euro-Stoxx-50 bei einem Stand von 2.684,60 Punkten mit 3,67 Prozent im Minus. Ruhe vor dem Sturm Ebenso klare Abschläge verzeichnete der DAX in Frankfurt - er verlor 3,88 Prozent auf 9.550,31 Zähler. Auch der FTSE-100 in London sackte um 3,69 Prozent auf 5.462,44 Einheiten ab. Am Markt mehren sich die Ängste, dass die Erholung der letzten Wochen nur die Ruhe vor dem Sturm gewesen sein könnte und somit eine neue Abwärtsbewegung einsetzt. ""Während die Hoffnungen zunehmen, dass Europa bald den Höhepunkt der Pandemie erreichen könnte und Chinas Wirtschaft bereits schon wieder erste Signale der Erholung sendet, breitet sich das Coronavirus in den USA weiterhin rasant aus"", kommentierte etwa Marktexperte Milan Cutkovic von AxiTrader.",INFO,de,Kurier.at
2020-04-01 03:31:41-05:00,"UK Final Manufacturing PMI arrives at 47.8 in March vs. 47.0 exp, Cable off the lows","The UK manufacturing sector activity contracted less-than-expected in the month of March, the final report from IHS Markit showed this Monday. The sea",INFO,en,FXStreet
2020-04-01 03:00:44-05:00,La actividad de las fábricas en España registra en marzo su mínimo en siete años por el coronavirus,"La actividad del sector manufacturero en España marcó en marzo su nivel más bajo en los últimos casi siete años, según el informe publicado este miércoles por la consultora Markit. Según la consultora, que obtiene sus datos de encuestar a directores de compra de 400 fabricantes, el sector manufacturero registró «una fuerte contracción en marzo» por los efectos en la producción de la pandemia mundial por coronavirus y por el cese de actividad decretado en el Estado de Alarma en España. La caída de la actividad ha sido muy importante en los sectores de bienes de consumo y, especialmente, en los de bienes de capital, en tanto que las plantillas del sector manufacturero se redujeron en marzo al mayor ritmo desde noviembre de 2013. El Indice IHS Markit PMIR del sector manufacturero cayó hasta 45,7 puntos, muy por debajo del nivel 50,4 puntos registrado en febrero, señalando un fuerte deterioro de las condiciones operativas. Asimismo, puesto que muchos países vecinos se enfrentan a condiciones similares a España en términos de restricciones por la pandemia, las ventas para la exportación del sector manufacturero español cayeron bruscamente y al mayor ritmo desde abril de 2009.",INFO,es,ABC
2020-03-31 23:27:13-05:00,Oil's Unparalleled Demand Crash Likely To Be Gamechanger For Industry,"Goldman sees around 20 million barrels a day flowing into storage in April, while IHS Markit expects the world will run out of space to store oil by the middle of the year.",INFO,en,NDTV
2020-03-31 23:01:25-05:00,"Malaysia’s March manufacturing PMI falls to 48.4, lowest since June 2016","PETALING JAYA: The IHS Markit Malaysia Manufacturing Purchasing Managers’ Index (PMI) fell to 48.4 in March, from 48.5 in February, the lowest level since June 2016, In a statement, IHS Markit pointed out that this signals a sharp slowdown in manufacturing production in Malaysia, as demand- and supplyside factors adversely impacted output volumes. The latest survey data pointed to the sharpest decrease in new order intakes since data collection began in July 2012. IHS Markit chief business economist Chris Williamson said the marginal fall in the PMI masks steeper deteriorations in production and new orders trends. “While supply chain delays are usually seen as a positive development, reflecting rising demand and accelerating economic growth, the current survey is seeing record degrees of supply chain disruption from the coronavirus outbreak, notably from China. These supply shortages are hitting production capacities and constraining growth,”he said. Williamson added that public health measures aimed at curbing the spread of Covid-19 also led to a fall in demand.",INFO,en,The Sun Daily
2020-03-31 12:51:00-05:00,A gallon of gas for 95 cents? It's here — and it will soon be even cheaper.,"The coronavirus pandemic is cratering demand for oil, which is driving down the cost of gasoline. The national average is below $2 a gallon, and dozens of stations are selling gas for 99 cents or less. One station in Wisconsin said it was selling gasoline for 87 cents a gallon. The price has farther to fall. The website GasBuddy says the average could fall to $1.49 a gallon by mid-April, and gas prices will likely remain cheap through the summer. ""We're talking about some prices, on the wholesale side, that we haven't dealt with in the 21st century,"" one analyst said. Visit Business Insider's homepage for more stories . Under normal circumstances, it would be a great time to drive. If you weren't stuck at home, you could travel from, say, Oklahoma City to Chicago — a distance of nearly 800 miles — and spend something like $50 on gas in a typical car. The average gas price has dipped below $2 a gallon, according to both the American Automobile Association (AAA) and the website GasBuddy , which track gas prices.",INFO,en,Business Insider
2020-03-31 03:00:41-05:00,World oil output may fall by 10 million barrels a day,IHS Markit expects as much as 10 million barrels a day of world oil production to be cut or shut-in from April through June as storage fills up and demand craters due to the Covid-19 pandemic.,INFO,en,Report.az
2020-03-30 07:30:00-05:00,General Motors Recognized as Top Manufacturer in Automotive Loyalty by IHS Markit,"SOUTHFIELD, Mich.--(BUSINESS WIRE)-- #VIO--IHS Markit (NYSE: INFO) today announced the results of its annual Automotive Loyalty Awards program, which recognizes OEMs and brands for their leadership in customer retention. General Motors Corporation retained its position as the leader in automotive manufacturer loyalty. The awards, now in their 24th year, are given annually and are the industry’s only fact-based awards of their kind. IHS Markit named winners across 15 categories, including General Motor",INFO,en,Business Wire
2020-03-26 06:33:24-05:00,Capital Markets Weekly: Risk of multiple emerging-market defaults increasing,"Amidst acute pressure on energy-oriented emerging market economies and against the background of deeper economic recession stemming from COVID-19, Ecuador has announced its intention to defer interest payments. This week, Argentina and the IMF both renewed their push for private sector write-downs on Argentine debt, and African states are pushing for temporary debt relief. This aligns positively with IMF and World Bank calls for immediate relief on the official debt of poorer countries. Ecuador On 23 March, Ecuador's EMBI+ spread surged by 2415 basis points to 6063 basis points. The trigger was a statement by the Minister of Finance Richard Martínez that Ecuador planned to defer some USD200 million of interest payments on its 2022 and 2030 bonds due this week, although it paid USD324 million of principal on 24 March. Martínez stated that the funds retained will be used towards containing COVID-19. He stated that Ecuador will ""begin dialogue with commercial, bilateral and multilateral creditors"", with the goal of reaching ""a good, sensible arrangement"".",INFO,en,IHS Markit
2020-03-25 09:48:36-05:00,El sector del motor venderá 10 millones de coches menos este año,"Los fabricantes de automóviles sufrirán una caída estrepitosa de las ventas mundiales este año, según un estudio de la consultora IHS Markit, que ha reducido sus proyecciones para prácticamente todas las regiones. Las entregas probablemente caerán…",INFO,es,La Vanguardia
2020-03-24 19:47:35-05:00,Dow surges over 11% in best day since 1933,"New York: US stocks closed sharply higher on Tuesday with the Dow up more than 11 per cent, notching its biggest one-day percentage gain since 1933 amid stimulus hopes. The Dow Jones Industrial Average surged 2,112.98 points, or 11.37 per cent, to 20,704.91. The S&P 500 increased 209.93 points, or 9.38 percent, to 2,447.33. The Nasdaq Composite Index jumped 557.18 points, or 8.12 per cent, to 7,417.86, Xinhua reported. All the 11 primary S&P 500 sectors closed noticeably higher, with energy up 16.31 per cent, outpacing the rest. Investors hoped US lawmakers were close to an agreement on a massive economic relief package to cushion the damage by the COVID-19 pandemic. Tuesday's historic rally followed Wall Street's yet another setback in the previous session, with the 30-stock index finishing down nearly 600 points despite the Federal Reserve's decisive efforts. The US central bank announced on Monday a plan to purchase US treasuries and agency mortgage-backed securities with no limit to help markets function more efficiently amid coronavirus uncertainty.",INFO,en,Sify.com
2020-03-24 14:39:34-05:00,Trump and Pence reportedly talked with a handful of Wall Street giants to get their view on how coronavirus is reshaping markets and the economy,"The White House spoke with Wall Street giants including Stephen Schwarzman and Paul Tudor Jones on Tuesday about how they view the coronavirus-battered economy and struggling financial markets, CNBC reported . President Trump and Vice President Pence avoided talking about potential relief measures and instead asked the investors how they see the economy recovering from the pandemic's fallout. Individuals on the call said the economy can't be allowed to crumble, and that a specific deadline for resuming regular activity might be in order, sources told CNBC. In a Fox News town hall after the call, Trump said he'd like to see the economy "" raring to go by Easter ,"" defying advice given by top public health experts. Visit the Business Insider homepage for more stories . President Donald Trump and Vice President Mike Pence spoke with some of Wall Street's biggest names to get their perspective on how the coronavirus is hitting the US economy and financial markets, CNBC reported Tuesday afternoon.",INFO,en,Business Insider
2020-03-24 09:57:14-05:00,"Jeff Bezos, Larry Fink, and other top US execs dodged $1.9 billion in losses by selling their own stock as the coronavirus outbreak worsened","Top executives sold a total of $9.2 billion in their firms' stock before markets hit fresh lows on March 20, The Wall Street Journal reported Tuesday. The sales made between February 1 and March 19 led corporate leaders to avoid potential losses totaling $1.9 billion, according to The Journal's analysis. Markets tanked through late February and March as coronavirus risks weighed on investors' nerves. Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos accounted for roughly one-third of executives' 2020 sales. The chief executive offloaded $3.4 billion in the e-commerce giant's stock in the first week of February, leading him to dodge losses of about $317 million. Financial sector giants including BlackRock CEO Larry Fink, Apollo Global Management Director Marc Rowan, and Intercontinental Exchange Chief Executive Jeffrey Sprecher also dumped shares amid the market turmoil. Visit the Business Insider homepage for more stories . US executives spanning several sectors cashed out a total of $9.2 billion in company stock before markets bottomed on coronavirus fears, The Wall Street Journal reported Tuesday.",INFO,en,Business Insider
2020-03-24 05:52:34-05:00,Businesses in the eurozone see 'unprecedented collapse' due to coronavirus,"The purchasing managers' index (PMI) released by IHS Markit, shown on a graph, shows a huge slump in March, with the services sector - especially tourism and restaurants - taking the biggest hit.",INFO,en,Daily Mail Online
2020-03-24 04:57:06-05:00,El Covid-19 provoca el mayor desplome de la actividad económica de la eurozona,"La actividad del sector privado de la zona euro ha registrado en marzo su mayor caída de toda la serie histórica como consecuencia del impacto de la pandemia de coronavirus y de las medidas de contención implementadas por los gobiernos, según refleja el índice compuesto preliminar de gestores de compras (PMI), que ha bajado hasta los 31,4 puntos desde los 51,6 de febrero, el nivel más bajo del dato desde que en 1998 comenzaron los registros, lo que anticipa una contracción trimestral del PIB de la eurozona del 2% y sugiere un mayor declive a medida que se intensifique la respuesta a la epidemia, según IHS Markit. El desplome de la actividad en marzo ha sido especialmente significativo en el sector servicios, cuyo índice PMI adelantado se ha situado en 28,4 puntos, frente a los 52,6 de febrero, su peor lectura desde el comienzo de la serie en 1998, mientras que el sector manufacturero ha agravado su recesión, con una caída del índice de actividad hasta los 44,8 puntos desde los 49,2 del mes anterior, en mínimos de 92 meses, incluyendo el hundimiento de la producción fabril a mínimos de los últimos once años, con un subíndice PMI de 39,5 puntos, frente a los 48,7 de febrero. «La actividad empresarial en toda la zona euro se desplomó en marzo con una intensidad que superó con creces la caída observada en lo peor de la crisis financiera mundial», ha señalado Chris Williamsom, economista jefe de IHS Markit, para quien el PMI de marzo indica una caída del PIB trimestral «de alrededor del 2%», advirtiendo de que este declive «puede intensificarse más puesto que es probable que se adopten políticas aún más severas para hacer frente al virus en los próximos meses».",INFO,es,ABC
2020-03-20 16:56:29-05:00,Preços do petróleo caem pela 4ª semana seguida,"Valor de referência nos EUA, do petróleo WTI, teve perda de 29% na semana, a mais acentuada desde o início da Guerra do Golfo em 1991. O preço do petróleo nos Estados Unidos recuou 10,7% nesta sexta-feira (20) e consolidou o maior declínio semanal desde a Guerra do Golfo de 1991, conforme a pandemia de coronavírus afeta a demanda global e depois de autoridades de Washington afirmarem que um enviado irá à Arábia Saudita para lidar com as consequências da guerra de preços entre o país asiático e a Rússia. Preços do petróleo desabam na semana Gregory Bull, File/AP A semana teve quatro dias de enormes baixas, uma vez que a crescente pandemia impede as pessoas de dirigir e reservar voos. Grandes empresas, como a trading Vitol e a IHS Markit, afirmaram que a demanda por petróleo pode cair em até 10%. Os preços tiveram uma alta significativa na quinta-feira, após dias de vendas em série, mas o rali não perdurou. O valor de referência nos EUA, do petróleo WTI, teve perdas de 29% na semana, as mais acentuadas desde o início da Guerra do Golfo em 1991.",INFO,pt,Globo
2020-03-20 09:50:58-05:00,Greece lightning… will it strike twice?,"20th Mar 2020 - 2:50pm Greece lightning… will it strike twice? Submitted By James Williams | 20/03/2020 - 2:50pm Covid-19 will impact Greek tourism, but with strong PMI figures in 2019 and a new stable government, hedge funds such as Greylock Capital see long-term opportunities in the country; in particular G reek debt and real estate. Hopefully, a repeat of its debt crisis in 2010 will not be repeated. Greece is showing signs of coming through its debt crisis. Last year, the IHS Markit Manufacturing PMI figure for Greece was the highest since 2000 and also the highest of all 31 countries covered by IHS Markit’s surveys. In sharp contrast, Germany, Greece’s bête noire during the debt crisis, reported the lowest average PMI worldwide last year. Since 2017, Greece’s manufacturing sector has enjoyed sustained growth and with a newly appointed conservative government led by Prime Minister Kyriakos Mitsotakis, there are plans to cut taxes for businesses and increase social spending; although the impact of Covid-19 will undoubtedly put this on hold over the short term.",INFO,en,Hedgeweek
2020-03-18 14:14:00-05:00,"IHS Markit prevé que la economía de la Eurozona se contraiga un 1,5 % en 2020",https://es.investing.com/news/economy/ihs-markit-preve-que-la-economia-de-la-eurozona-se-contraiga-un-15--en-2020-1980684,INFO,es,Investing.com
2020-03-18 07:00:44-05:00,The global economy: Headed for recession,"The United States, Europe, and Japan are headed for recession. The IHS Markit forecast for world real GDP growth in 2020 has been revised down to 0.7% in response to the spread of the virus. Growth below 2.0% is classified as a global recession. The number of active world cases is assumed to top out by the third quarter. Nevertheless, the result will be a U-shaped rather than V-shaped cycle, as a sharp reduction in near-term growth is followed by a slow recovery. Forecast risks are overwhelmingly on the downside and depend crucially on how governments respond. Central banks have already taken emergency actions, but the fiscal response is more uncertain. The recent sharp drop in oil prices will help energy consumers and hurt energy producers. The net effect on global growth is likely to be negative, but small. The United States: A recession will start in the second quarter Incoming data point to solid growth at the start of 2020. Fear and financial stress stemming from the spread of the COVID-19 virus have swamped that good news.",INFO,en,IHS Markit
2020-03-17 00:48:23-05:00,Perovskites technology - beyond efficiency records,"In the past decade, continued technology advances and cost improvements have made solar PV one of the most dynamic industries of our time, as it continues to make a significant and growing contribution to the global energy mix. Technological innovation is taking place in a context of extreme price competition among solar manufacturers, which explains the focus of the industry on decreasing manufacturing costs, increasing efficiencies, and reducing losses at all segments and stages of the manufacturing process. The average efficiency of commercial silicon modules has improved in recent years, in the range of 0.3-0.4 percentage point per year. These efficiency gains have taken place in a very competitive environment, since module prices have fallen more than 70% in just the past six years. However, since mainstream technologies, such as p-type passivated emitter and rear cells (PERCs), are slowly reaching their physical limits of conversion efficiencies, the industry is increasingly focused both on optimizing new techniques and innovations and on applying new PV materials and technologies such as perovskite.",INFO,en,IHS Markit
2020-03-16 15:36:15-05:00,Petróleo recua abaixo de US$ 30 por coronavírus e guerra de preços,"Com pandemia, mercado avalia que economia mundial pode estar entrando em recessão. Preços do petróleo desabam nesta segunda Gregory Bull, File/AP Os preços do petróleo recuaram abaixo da marca de US$ 30 por barril nesta segunda-feira (16), diante da piora da pandemia de coronavírus durante o final de semana, o que exacerbou temores de que ""lockdowns"" (isolamentos) para a contenção da doença possam desencadear uma recessão global. Além disso, há ainda reflexos do embate entre Arábia Saudita e Rússia, que não conseguiram chegar a um acordo para restrições de oferta em um momento em que a redução na atividade econômica global destrói a demanda pela commodity. Como resultado, russos e sauditas, dois dos principais produtores globais do combustível fóssil, voltaram-se um contra o outro em uma guerra de preços. Últimas notícias sobre os mercados em 16 de março A Saudi Aramco reiterou nesta segunda-feira que planeja impulsionar o bombeamento a níveis recordes e abocanhar uma parcela maior do mercado global.",INFO,pt,Globo
2020-03-16 05:08:49-05:00,Thai government announces EV roadmap,"The government of Thailand has announced a roadmap to make the country a hub of electrified vehicles in the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) region in five years, reports the Bangkok Post . Under the roadmap, the government plans to promote electric vehicles (EVs) through state agencies and has set a target to produce 250,000 electrified vehicles, 3,000 electric public buses, and 53,000 electric motorcycles by 2025. The government wants to promote Thailand as the centre of a new generation of auto manufacturing, according to Deputy Prime Minister Somkid Jatusripitak. ""The Board of Investment [BOI] should revise EV privileges for car and auto parts makers to make production more attractive,"" said Jatusripitak. The government held a meeting with the National New Generation Vehicle Committee to promote the country's EV development scheme and discuss ways to promote sales as the market develops. The EV master plan aims to increase EV production to 30% of total annual car production, or about 750,000 units out of 2.5 million units by 2030, according to Thai Industry Minister Suriya Juangroongruangkit.",INFO,en,IHS Markit
2020-03-13 11:02:00-05:00,"Power Line: Coronavirus stunts clean energy growth, and the news you've missed while reading about coronavirus","Hello, and welcome to Power Line, a weekly clean-energy newsletter from Business Insider — now sent to you from the lonely isolation of an NYC apartment. Here's what you need to know: Sign up here to get Power Line in your inbox every Friday. If you work in the energy industry and are impacted by the novel coronavirus, please reach out to bjones@businessinsider.com . Most of our coverage is available exclusively to BI Prime subscribers. If you're looking for a discount on a subscription to BI Prime, click here . Last week was a week. This week was a week. And next week? It will definitely be a week! Be sure to sign up for our healthcare newsletter Dispensed to follow all of our latest coronavirus coverage. 5 ways the novel coronavirus is impacting the clean-energy industry Hint: Most of them are not great. Then again, no industry is immune to the impacts of a global pandemic. 1. It's cratering demand for solar energy, mostly in China. The government of China delayed its mega-auction for solar developers by a month , and it could push deadlines for large-scale solar builds into 2021.",INFO,en,Business Insider
2020-03-13 04:44:57-05:00,Europe is pressing on the green accelerator: What impact for power?,"The greening of Europe's fuel mix will continue, driving prices lower when renewable availability is high. On the policy front, the discussion of Europe's Green Deal and 2050 climate target will dominate the coming years. Any agreement to boost the 2030 climate ambition will have a deep impact on the power market in the 2020s. Europe's fuel mix is changing. Europe's energy transition is unfolding rapidly: coal capacity continues to fall and renewables additions remain strong. Low gas prices, supported by a moderate carbon price, will continue to pressure coal production across Europe. The drop of coal capacity has been very marked in the UK where coal capacity has fallen from an all-time high of 30 GW to 6 GW in 2020, an 80% decline. The drop is even more stark in terms of generation; this century coal generation peaked in 2006 at 150 TWh and generated just 7 TWh in 2019, marking a 95% decline. Recently Drax, once the UK's largest carbon emitter in power, announced that its remaining two coal-fired units will close in 2022—ahead of the phase-out deadline.",INFO,en,IHS Markit
2020-03-10 04:49:00-05:00,COVID-19 outbreak dampens output across all sectors in Asia except healthcare,"Asia Composite PMI lowest since January 2009 Sector data points to broad-based weakness as coronavirus disrupts supply chains and hits demand Rising backlogs and positive outlook suggest recovery in certain sectors possible on improved COVID-19 situation Asian economic activity shrank sharply in February, according to the latest PMI surveys, contracting at the quickest pace since the depths of the global financial crisis. The surveys also brought signs that most sectors of the economy were affected by measures taken in response to the outbreak of the coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19). The headline Asia Composite PMI , compiled by IHS Markit, plunged 13.8 points to 37.9 in February, its lowest reading since January 2009. The fall was driven by sharp declines in both manufacturing output and services activity as coronavirus-related measures such as factory shutdowns and travel restrictions hit supply chains and demand. Broad sectoral weakness Delving deeper into IHS Markit's Asia Sector PMI data allows us to drill down into detailed industry trends and highlight how the virus epidemic has impacted many sectors of the economy during February.",INFO,en,IHS Markit
2020-03-10 04:29:08-05:00,IHS Markit cuts Italian light-vehicle sales forecast on COVID-19 virus outbreak,"(Excerpt) IHS Markit has cut its sales forecast for the Italian light-vehicle market on the back of the coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) virus outbreak that has now hit the country. For 2020, we currently expect sales to retreat by 14.4% year on year (y/y) to 1.8 million. This decision has been taken on the back of the lockdown and quarantine measures that have been implemented in the country. These were first introduced for 12 towns to the southeast of Milan (Italy) in late February and initially affected around 50,000 people. This already led to a reduction in footfall to dealers on reduced confidence and concerns which would have already led to reduced orders in the coming months, while the impact on tourism would likely have led rental fleets to reconsider renewal programmes. However, the lockdown was expanded on 8 March to include the entire population of the Lombardy region and a further 14 provinces - Modena, Parma, Piacenza, Reggio Emilia, Rimini, Pesaro and Urbino, Alessandria, Asti, Novara, Verbano Cusio Ossola, Vercelli, Padua, Treviso, and Venice - and prevented travel in to or outside these areas without special permission, hitting around 16 million people.",INFO,en,IHS Markit
2020-03-10 01:14:00-05:00,"El brote de coronavirus ya pesa en la confianza empresarial, según IHS Markit",https://es.investing.com/news/economic-indicators/el-brote-de-coronavirus-ya-pesa-en-la-confianza-empresarial-segun-ihs-markit-1977757,INFO,es,Investing.com
2020-03-05 12:07:30-05:00,IHS Markit appoints Oliver Madden as sales director,IHS Markit welcomes former RBC director to its securities finance sales team,INFO,en,securitieslendingtimes.com
2020-03-05 06:57:10-05:00,IHS Markit predicts 'unprecedented' decline in oil consumption,The coronavirus outbreak in China will cause a demand-side shock to the oil markets that will eclipse the oil-demand contraction seen during the global financial crisis in the last decade.,INFO,en,Report.az
2020-03-04 16:57:00-05:00,"Sensex, Nifty Seen Opening Flat To Higher",Indian shares may open flat to slightly higher on Thursday after survey data from IHS Markit showed India's service sector expanded at the fastest pace in seven years in February amid increases in new export orders and business confidence.,INFO,en,RTT News
2020-03-04 10:00:00-05:00,"Reno Sio Joins Institutional Real Estate, Inc. as Managing Director, Asia Pacific","NEW YORK and SAN RAMON, Calif. and SINGAPORE and LONDON, March 4, 2020 /PRNewswire/ -- Institutional Real Estate, Inc. (IREI) announced that Reno Sio has joined IREI as managing director for the Asia Pacific region. Sio brings extensive knowledge and leadership experience from his years working for firms such as The Economist Intelligence Unit, Oxford Economics and IHS Markit (formerly IHS Global Insight). Most recently, Sio worked at Eurasia Group as director client services, where he was responsible for business development efforts focusing on banks, hedge funds, asset managers, pension funds and sovereign wealth funds.",INFO,en,Benzinga
2020-03-04 04:31:56-05:00,"UK Final Services PMI misses estimates with 53.2 in Feb, GBP/USD stays below 1.28","The UK services sector activity expanded less-than-expected in the month of February, the final report from IHS Markit showed this Wednesday. The seas",INFO,en,FXStreet
2020-03-04 03:21:15-05:00,Wall Street oil outlook crumbles as Goldman sees contraction,"Goldman Sachs Group Inc became the first major Wall Street bank to anticipate that global oil demand will contract in 2020 for only the fourth time in nearly 40 years. The dire forecast came just as influential oil-market consultants, Facts Global Energy and IHS Markit, also published similar warnings, creating an ominous backdrop for the meeting of OPEC and its allies in Vienna this week.",INFO,en,The Edge Markets
2020-03-03 13:01:11-05:00,IATA Postpones World Cargo Symposium As Registrants Withdraw Over Coronavirus,"The International Air Transport Association (IATA) announced Tuesday that it is postponing its World Cargo Symposium, scheduled for March 10-12 in Istanbul because of risk from the coronavirus. The news follows the cancellation of another major freight transportation conference , IHS Markit's TPM conference for container shipping in Long Beach, California. ""Although there have been no reported cases in Turkey, we have taken the decision to postpone the event,"" IATA said on its website. ""There has been an increase in the number of participant cancelations over the past few days for reasons including company travel bans and senior delegates needing to stay close to base during the crisis. Therefore, we feel that it would be best to postpone the event."" The trade group said it will provide more … Full story available on Benzinga.com",INFO,en,Benzinga Feeds
2020-03-03 06:04:08-05:00,China’s styrene monomer market and its push for higher self-sufficiency,"China's presence in the regional styrene market is growing. Northeast Asia is the largest styrene monomer (SM) producing and consuming region, accounting for nearly 48% of global capacity in 2019. China is the largest producer in Northeast Asia, accounting for 27% share of the regional capacity. South Korea is the second largest producer, accounting for approximately 9% of the regional capacity in 2019. Taiwan and Japan both account for around 6%. Regarding demand, Northeast Asia is also a large styrene consumer and represents 55% of the global consumption. This can be attributed to the booming Chinese market over the last several decades. In 2019, China is expected to account for 34% of styrene consumption in Northeast Asia, compared to South Korea, Taiwan, Japan and Southeast Asia which consume far smaller volumes. Chinese styrene imports were 3.2 million metric tons in 2019, accounting for about 40% of total global styrene imports. With new capacities being commissioned in China, the self-sufficiency rate has consistently increased.",INFO,en,IHS Markit
2020-03-02 04:38:41-05:00,Caixin China manufacturing PMI falls to survey low on coronavirus countermeasures,"Output, new orders and employment all drop at survey-record rates Supply chains under intense pressure Fastest backlog accumulation for nearly 15 years Optimism rises to five-year high as firms anticipate output rebound upon restriction rollback Recovery may come as soon as March The COVID-19 outbreak had a severe impact on China's manufacturing sector in February due to efforts to contain the spread of the coronavirus, according to the latest Caixin PMI data. Extended Lunar New Year work suspensions and factories operating well below capacity caused production volumes and new order intakes to plunge at survey-record rates. Supply chains were disrupted as a result, causing backlogs of work to accumulate sharply. The negative effects however are expected to be temporary, with firms anticipating a swift recovery of output once restrictions to halt the spread of the coronavirus are lifted. Measures severely restrict output The Caixin headline manufacturing PMI for mainland China, compiled by IHS Markit, dropped from 51.1 in January to 40.3 in February, indicating the sharpest deterioration of the health of the sector since the survey started almost 16 years ago.",INFO,en,IHS Markit
2020-03-02 04:31:21-05:00,"UK final Manufacturing PMI arrives at 51.7 in Feb vs. 51.8 exp, Cable keeps lows","The UK manufacturing sector activity eased its pace of expansion in the month of February, the final report from IHS Markit showed this Monday. The se",INFO,en,FXStreet
2020-03-02 04:11:04-05:00,France: l'activité manufacturière a moins ralenti que prévu en février,"La contraction de l'activité manufacturière en France a été un peu moins prononcée que prévu en février, selon les données définitives publiées lundi par IHS Markit. L'indice PMI du secteur…",INFO,fr,Zonebourse
2020-03-02 00:22:54-05:00,"Manufacturing sector tested by Covid-19, PMI slips to 48.5","PETALING JAYA : Malaysia’s manufacturing Purchasing Managers’ Index (PMI) fell to 48.5 in February, from 48.8 in January, as the delivery of key raw materials from China was disrupted by the coronavirus outbreak, according to a note by IHS Markit. The research unit said overseas demand was also adversely impacted, causing new export orders to fall at the steepest rate in over seven years. IHS Markit chief business economist Chris Williamson said Malaysia’s manufacturing sector reported a double hit from the coronavirus in February. “Supply shortages for many imported inputs constrained output, while foreign sales were also dampened by virus-related slowdowns in key export markets, notably China, where the extended New Year holiday appears to have played a major role in both limiting supply and hitting demand for Malaysia’s exports,” he said. Supplier delivery times lengthened to the greatest extent since survey data were first collected in July 2012. Panel members reported shortages of key raw materials due to the Covid-19 outbreak in mainland China, with shipments being delayed and even cancelled in some cases. “With delivery delays for inputs more widespread than at any time in the seven-and-a-half year history of the survey, leading to sharp falls to purchasing and inventories, production is also likely to be affected in coming months unless fresh supplies can be sourced,” Williamson added.",INFO,en,The Sun Daily
2020-02-24 03:58:54-05:00,The Coronavirus COVID-19 is expected to have a limited impact on global upstream cost markets,"COVID-19 is expected to have a limited, downwards impact on the Upstream Capital Cost Index (UCCI) and Upstream Operating Cost Index (UOCI), IHS Markit's proprietary metrics for tracking the costs of constructing and operating global upstream projects. While the effects on the indices themselves will be low, we expect China's influence on these changes to be material due to the country's position as one of the world's largest producers and consumers of goods. Short-term labor shortages resulting from the virus will likely contribute to reduced productivity and project delays. In the medium-term, Chinese wages in the UOCI and Asian regional wages in the UCCI were both projected to increase about 3% in 2020 but these estimates will likely be lowered once the full extent of the COVID-19 outbreak is determined. Steel is another crucial commodity for the upstream sector, with China as its largest producer. Prior to the outbreak, Chinese steel prices were expected to remain flat in 2020 due to high inventory levels and weakening demand, but our preliminary analysis indicates this outlook could be revised downwards depending on how long the outbreak lasts and how quickly the Chinese economy recovers.",INFO,en,IHS Markit
2020-02-20 21:44:27-05:00,Managing core challenges for trade reporting compliance in Asia,"Evolving global OTC market structure and regulatory requirements sought to reduce systemic risk in the derivatives markets introduced by US CFTC, EMIR as well as Asian jurisdictions, are transforming how the industry operates. Complexity in managing financial systems, data and connectivity, as well as mandates to standardize trading, clearing and trade reporting are putting pressure on all market participants as compliance and technology costs continue to grow. As enhanced transparency is a key principle across most new regulations, existing systems, data models and internal processes of many firms are often inadequate to meet heightened compliance obligations of a cross-jurisdiction regulatory trade reporting environment. In response, IHS Markit introduced the Markit Integrating Reporting ""MIR"" solution in alliance with Catena Technologies in 2016. The service supports transactions across all asset classes, plus valuation and collateral reporting to multiple jurisdictions and key trade repositories.",INFO,en,IHS Markit
2020-02-19 09:53:02-05:00,"Securities lending revenue starts strong, says IHS Markit",IHS Markit’s securities lending market data shows a strong start to the year as equities with pre-IPO lockups and related to the cannabis sector driving revenue,INFO,en,securitieslendingtimes.com
2020-02-18 23:39:49-05:00,From mild to wild: Coronavirus impact on China’s power and renewables sector,"The novel coronavirus (COVID-19) outbreak has led to a slowdown of economic activities in China. This, in turn, is expected to affect the country's power and renewables sector - on both electricity demand as well as the different technologies that generate the power for the world's largest electricity market. IHS Markit expects that the economic shock is likely to reduce China's 2020 GDP growth to 5.4% compared with the 5.8% growth rate in the pre-COVID-19 outbreak outlook. However, in a more severe scenario, GDP growth could drop to as low as 4.2%. Base case: Electricity demand only moderated affected To understand how electricity demand will respond, it is important to first understand China's power demand structure. The industrial sector currently accounts for roughly 70% of electricity used in the country, whereas the commercial sector and households account for roughly 14% each. If the current outbreak stays relatively contained as authorities are starting to say - with economic impact limited mostly to the first quarter - we believe power demand will only be moderately affected.",INFO,en,IHS Markit
2020-02-18 07:35:07-05:00,Coronavirus Impact on the Chlor-alkali Market,"This is a special update on the effect of the coronavirus crisis on the chlor-alkali market in China. Because the situation is still evolving, it is impossible to predict the full impact of the crisis. Nevertheless, this report provides IHS Markit's current qualitative assessment of the impact to date on the chlor-alkali supply and demand balance in China and commentary on our assessment of certain ramiﬁcations on the chlor-alkali market outside China. Coronavirus impacts on chlor-alkali supply in China Chinese chlor-alkali plant operating rates have declined due to the virus crisis. Additionally, at least four plants with combined annual capacity slightly over 1.5 million tons (chlorine basis) are conﬁrmed to have shut down, two in Anhui province, one in Hubei province and one in Shandong province. Average operating rates across China were near 80% before the Chinese New Year holidays. Since the virus crisis emerged, average operating rates across the country have dropped to approximately 65%.",INFO,en,IHS Markit
2020-02-18 01:56:57-05:00,A door opens: surplus ethylene to gasoline,"As the US has sought to exploit its hydrocarbon resources over the last decade, natural gas prices - which were once close to parity with oil prices in the early 2000s - have since diverged from oil prices. This shift evolved through the direct production of natural gas as well as gas production associated with oil development. The dynamic has transformed North America into a prolific producer of natural gas liquids (NGL), the feedstocks used in the production of petrochemicals. Given the plentiful supplies of these feedstocks and their inherent advantage relative to oil-based feeds, massive investment in grassroots petrochemical capacity - namely complexes dedicated to the production of ethylene - occurred to monetize the gas-linked feedstocks. In the past five years, nearly seven million tons of ethylene capacity were added in North America. This capacity addition is considered unprecedented, given that North American chemical producers took about 20 years to reach an almost equivalent amount of new builds.",INFO,en,IHS Markit
2020-02-17 16:50:41-05:00,British families more confident about their finances than at any time since financial crisis,"In a further sign that the economy has picked up since the General Election, IHS Markit said its household finance index rose from 44.6 in January to 47.6 in February.",INFO,en,Daily Mail Online
2020-02-15 20:31:00-05:00,"automotiveMastermind Donates $10,000 to Ronald McDonald House Charities of Greater Las Vegas","LAS VEGAS, Feb. 15, 2020 /PRNewswire/ -- automotiveMastermind, part of IHS Markit (NYSE: INFO) and a leading provider of predictive analytics and marketing automation solutions for dealerships and manufacturers, has donated $10,000 to the Ronald McDonald House Charities of Greater Las…",INFO,en,PR Newswire
2020-02-14 06:41:28-05:00,Investor confidence returns to Greece after PMI tops global rankings in 2019,"Greece led global manufacturing PMI growth rankings in 2019 New investment initiatives announced by the government Fitch upgrades Greece's credit rating to BB The gradual and sustained improvement in Greece's manufacturing sector and wider economy has fuelled renewed appetite to invest in government bonds, yields on which have fallen to record lows. Alongside a push by the new government to generate backing for infrastructure developments, investors have turned their gaze towards Greece, with the country's credit rating stepping closer to investment grade, representing a major turnaround in investor appetite from the dark days of the eurozone debt crisis. Although larger eurozone economies struggled through the latter stages of 2019, the Greek manufacturing sector has bucked the trend and remained on a steady course to recovery. The IHS Markit Manufacturing PMI has posted above the 50.0 neutral mark (which separates expansion from contraction) since June 2017, with the average reading for 2019 reaching the highest since 2000.",INFO,en,IHS Markit
2020-02-14 04:21:49-05:00,Rio Grande LNG Rehearing Denial Raises New Issues for FERC,"In rejecting rehearing requests about the Rio Grande LNG project (FERC Docket CP16-454) and related Rio Bravo Pipeline (Docket CP16-455) at its January 23 meeting, FERC raised new issues about its review of project certificates, which again pitted Commissioners Richard Glick and Bernard McNamee against each other. While they agreed that the speed of the rejection—31 days—represents an important improvement in project review (see related article), they disagreed about the validity of and broad application of the reasons for rejecting the rehearing. ""I have several concerns,"" said Glick, who dissented on the 2-1 decision. First, he turned to the familiar issue of greenhouse gas impacts, saying that the Commission continues to fail to fully consider climate change. The Rio Grande LNG liquefaction plant at full capacity of 27 million metric tons/year would generate an estimated 9 million metric tons/year of greenhouse gases, he said, or the equivalent of 2 million cars/year. But FERC continues to argue, according to Glick, that it cannot assess if that level of emissions is significant, nor can it require the project developer to mitigate them even if they are found to be significant. ""Commissioner McNamee says we don't have the authority over emissions, that EPA has the authority,"" said Glick at the open meeting. ""I don't contest that FERC doesn't have authority over emissions, and we don't have authority over wetlands, air quality, water quality either - but we seem to be able to require mitigation [for those impacts].",INFO,en,IHS Markit
2020-02-13 11:30:18-05:00,IHS Markit (INFO) Up 1.5% Since Last Earnings Report: Can It Continue?,IHS Markit (INFO) reported earnings 30 days ago. What's next for the stock? We take a look at earnings estimates for some clues.,INFO,en,Zacks Investment Research
2020-02-13 09:29:00-05:00,"automotiveMastermind Announces All Major OEMs Now Have Access to the Market EyeQ Sales Platform, and Makes Service-to-Sales Enhancements","NEW YORK, Feb. 13, 2020 /PRNewswire/ -- automotiveMastermind, part of IHS Markit (NYSE: INFO) and a leading provider of predictive analytics and marketing automation solutions for dealerships and manufacturers across the country, today announced the company is servicing all major OEMs,…",INFO,en,PR Newswire
2020-02-13 03:47:00-05:00,IHS Markit Adds Credit Benchmark Consensus Analytics to Securities Finance Platform | Fintech Finance,"IHS Markit, a world leader in critical information, analytics and solutions, today announced a collaboration with Credit Benchmark in which it will use Credit…",INFO,en,Fintech Finance
2020-02-12 06:34:05-05:00,IHS Markit beefs up securities finance platform with Credit Benchmark deal,IHS Markit is set to incorporate Credit Benchmark’s credit risk analytics into its securities finance platform,INFO,en,securitieslendingtimes.com
2020-02-06 10:33:00-05:00,automotiveMastermind Makes Strategic Decision to Strengthen Product and Technology Divisions,"NEW YORK, Feb. 6, 2020 /PRNewswire/ -- automotiveMastermind®, part of IHS Markit (NYSE: INFO), and a leading provider of predictive analytics and marketing automation solutions for dealerships and manufacturers, hired one executive and promoted another as an extension of the company's…",INFO,en,PR Newswire
2020-02-06 04:12:44-05:00,German passenger car registrations fall 7.3% in January,"(Excerpt) The German passenger car market posted a 7.3% y/y decline in registrations to 246,300 units in January as the market contracted following a push by many brands to register many of their higher-emitting models ahead of the implementation of the European Union's new emissions directive, which will impose fines if an OEMs fleet average emissions exceed 95g/km. The new directive is being introduced in a staged fashion; 95% of fleet sales count towards the 2020 total (with the 5% of fleet sales that are the most emitting vehicles being omitted from this year's total) before 100% of fleet sales are tallied up from 2021. Alternative powertrains witnessed a big growth spurt during the month. Pure EV sales rose 61.2% y/y to 7,492 units, which means that they accounted for 3.0% of new registrations. Hybrid sales of 30,805 units were up 103.1% y/y, including 8,639 plug-in hybrids (+307.7%). The total hybrid share was 12.5%, the share of plug-in hybrids was 3.5%. On a brand-by-brand basis, leading OEM Volkswagen (VW) at least performed better than the overall market with a 4.1% y/y decline to 48,744 units.",INFO,en,IHS Markit
2020-02-05 23:58:09-05:00,Aggressive load-shifting could increase battery fire risk- investigators,"Raising serious concerns about the safety of battery storage, investigators into the alarming spate of lithium-ion battery fires in South Korea said one of the primary causes was the practice of using nearly the full charging and discharging battery capacity on a daily basis—a pattern that can roughly correspond with plans by U.S. operators to use storage to shift wind and solar generation to the evening periods of peak demand. Last year, South Korean government officials largely halted deployment of new lithium-ion battery systems and urged operators to curtail operations of existing ones after 23 battery fires broke out over a year-and-a-half. Many owners continued operating, however, and in recent months another five battery fires have been reported in South Korea, which had represented the world's largest market for stationary battery storage before the fires cratered new deployments. South Korea's Ministry of Trade, Industry and Energy completed a months-long investigation into the fires in June, generally concluding that they were caused by a range of issues including lack of protections against shocks, faulty installation practices and control systems that were incompatible with some components.",INFO,en,IHS Markit
2020-02-05 00:55:00-05:00,Eurozone Private Sector Logs Strongest Growth In 5 Months,"The euro area private sector expanded at the strongest pace in five months in January, final survey data from IHS Markit showed Wednesday. The final composite output index rose to 51.",INFO,en,RTT News
2020-02-04 18:09:23-05:00,UK Builders enjoy biggest month-on-month improvement for two years,IHS Markit said that its index of activity in the construction sector - where scores below 50 show decline and above 50 show growth - rose from 44.4 in December to 48.4 in January.,INFO,en,This is Money
2020-02-04 03:26:44-05:00,Norwegian passenger car demand grows 6.2% y/y during January,"The passenger car market in Norway has grown by 6.2% year on year (y/y) during January, according to the latest data published by the country's Road Traffic Information Council (Opplysningsrådet for Veitrafikken: OFV). Registrations grew from 9,004 units to 9,561 units. The leading brand during the month was Toyota which sold 1,148 units, a jump of 31.8% y/y, followed by Audi in second place which leapt by 520.5% y/y to 999 units. However, Volkswagen (VW) fell by 28.3% y/y to 995 units. Elsewhere in the market, registrations of light commercial vehicles (LCVs) of up to 3.5 tonnes grew by just 0.2% y/y to 2,711 units during January, while medium and heavy commercial vehicles (MHCVs) also gained by 2.9% y/y to 571 units. Significance: The Norwegian passenger car market has put in a positive performance during January. This has been underpinned by strong demand for battery electric vehicles (BEVs) during the month, which gained by 24.3% y/y to 4,236 units. This amounted to a 44.3% share of the market against 37.8% a year ago.",INFO,en,IHS Markit
2020-02-04 01:23:29-05:00,Polish PMI remains in contraction zone for 15th month straight in January,"Poland’s PMI declined 0.6 points to 47.4 in January, the lowest start to the year since 2009, IHS Markit reported on February 3. The …",INFO,en,bne IntelliNews
2020-02-03 21:10:04-05:00,Coronavirus outbreak threatens China auto industry,"As communities worldwide deal with the growing Coronavirus implications, besides the human tragedy, it is starting to severely impact the Chinese economy and in light of that, the automotive industry as well, says market watcher IHS Markit in a recent update to the situation on the Mainland published on January 31. Image courtesy of 3D Protein Imaging. Wuhan, in Hubei Province. is home to automakers including GM, PSA Group, Honda and Nissan, as well as local giant Dongfeng Motor. Global OEMs have evacuated most of their ex-pat staff from their Wuhan plants, with plant shutdowns having been extended into the first week of February after the extended Chinese New Year holiday period came to a formal end last Sunday in most provinces. Businesses in populous Shanghai and Guangdong Province are closed until February 9. Other provinces have also decided to delay almost all nonessential businesses returning to work. In its analysis, IHS Markit describes two scenarios for the auto industry in China: a current state of play and a potential escalation scenario where the downtime flows into mid-March.",INFO,en,PlasticsToday
2020-02-03 15:48:00-05:00,"Ouro fecha em queda com menor averso ao risco, bolsas em alta e dlar mais forte",Investidores reagem a dados positivos sobre a indstria americana divulgados pelo IHS Markit e corrigem as perdas registradas na semana passada por conta do avano do coronavrus,INFO,pt,Jornal do Comercio
2020-02-03 08:00:00-05:00,IHS Markit to Present at Goldman Sachs Technology and Internet Conference,"IHS Markit (NYSE: INFO), a world leader in critical information, analytics and solutions, today announced that Jonathan Gear, EVP and Chief Financial",INFO,en,Business Wire
2020-02-03 04:13:10-05:00,China's coronavirus bound to hurt Germany's struggling manufacturers: IHS Markit,"German manufacturers hurting from the U.S.-Sino trade conflict are bound to see their exports weaken in the coming months due to the coronavirus outbreak in China, IHS Markit said on Monday.",INFO,en,Reuters
2020-02-03 00:26:08-05:00,Jan mfg activity hits near 8-year high as orders jump,"BENGALURU: India's manufacturing activity expanded at its quickest pace in nearly eight years in January with robust growth in new orders and output, a private survey showed on Monday, suggesting the economy may be getting back on firmer footing. In response to the jump in sales, factories hired new workers at the fastest rate in more than seven years. If sustained, the improvement in business conditions could point to a gradual economic recovery in coming months, as forecast by analysts in a Reuters poll last month, after growth slowed to a more than six-year low in the July-September quarter. The Nikkei Manufacturing Purchasing Managers' Index, compiled by IHS Markit, jumped to 55.3 last month from 52.7 in December. It was the highest reading since February 2012 and above the 50-mark separating growth from contraction for the 30th straight month. ""The PMI results show that a notable rebound in demand boosted growth of sales, input buying, production and employment as firms focused on rebuilding their inventories and expanding their capacities in anticipation of further increases in new business,"" Pollyanna De Lima, principal economist at IHS Markit, said in a news release.",INFO,en,The Economic Times India
2020-01-31 07:01:14-05:00,Coronavirus Impact on Automotive Industry,"As communities worldwide deal with the growing Coronavirus implications, besides the human tragedy, it is starting to severely impact the Chinese economy and in light of that, the automotive industry as well. This report has incorporated the most recent information available at the time of publishing. Over the last few days, IHS Markit has been evaluating and analyzing announced vehicle assembly plant shutdowns (and impacted daily production rates) in direct response to the containment directives of national and provincial governments and measures taken by individual OEMs. This started with a national announcement of a three-day extension of the Chinese New Year holiday period. Since then, each day this week, the number of plants announced to be idled for an additional week in early February has increased markedly, as more provinces have decided to delay businesses returning to work. Almost all nonessential business, and not just vehicle plants, are included in the government directives.",INFO,en,IHS Markit
2020-01-31 06:44:44-05:00,Connected Car highlights from CES 2020,"The Consumer Electronics Show (CES), an annual affair organized by the Consumer Technology Association (CTA) since 1967, took place from 7-10 January 2020 in Las Vegas, Nevada. The event sees global OEMs and suppliers come together to showcase new products and technologies related to the consumer electronics industry and the increased participation by automotive innovators is adding to technology, electric, lighting and mobility options for consumers. ""CES is a broad and dynamic technical show, morphing into a strong automotive show. It's now listed as one of the Top 10 Automotive Shows,"" observed Kristen Balasia, Vice President and Managing Director, Automotive Advisory, IHS Markit. In this report we highlight some of the key automotive technologies and products demonstrated at the show. OEMs as well as Tier 1 suppliers focused on data collection, aggregation, monetization and paid updates. Amazon Web Services , partnering with Karma Automotive , showcased a data monetization scheme throughout every corner of the Karma vehicle.",INFO,en,IHS Markit
2020-01-31 05:50:16-05:00,India’s onshore wind supply chain realigns with market realities,"India has a pipeline of over 10 GW of auctioned onshore wind projects in different stages of development. This pipeline reflects an excellent opportunity for wind turbine manufacturers competing for a share of the Indian market. However, the policy transition and uncertainty in India has resulted in several turbine vendors struggling to align themselves with the changing market realities. The current policy environment is marred by very low auction prices which has compressed the profit margins of suppliers. Furthermore, installation delays due to administrative challenges have resulted in a sector slow down, idling manufacturing capacity for key suppliers. These challenges, coupled with the shift in demand towards larger high-yield turbines suited for India's wind resource profile, are set to change the future of the onshore wind supply chain in the country. Figure 1: Largest onshore wind vendors in India by installations | 2015 - 19 India's two largest local turbine vendors - Inox Wind and Suzlon have been badly hit by the slowdown in installations.",INFO,en,IHS Markit
2020-01-29 23:55:28-05:00,Five PJM states suggest FERC order could prompt exit from regional market,"At least five large states raised the prospect January 21 of pulling out from PJM Interconnection or the grid operator's capacity markets as a result of recent changes imposed by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, the latest fallout from FERC's December 19 decision to dramatically expand a price floor used in PJM capacity markets. In filings on January 21 asking FERC to rehear the order, regulators from Maryland, Ohio, New Jersey, Illinois and Pennsylvania all suggested that FERC's decision, unless changed, could cause them or other states to exit PJM or its capacity market. Importantly, none made immediate threats to do so. Some states were relatively direct in raising the exit possibilities, while others were less so. In general, protesting states said FERC cast far too wide a net in expanding the price floor to prevent state-subsidized renewables and nuclear plants from making low-ball offers in PJM's capacity auction, thus depressing clearing prices and revenues to generators.",INFO,en,IHS Markit
2020-01-29 16:49:00-05:00,"IHS Markit names Mark Findlay global head, financial risk analytics","Business information provider IHS Markit (Nasdaq: INFO) has recruited pricing and risk management specialist, Mark Findlay, as the Global Head of its Fi…",INFO,en,Finextra Research
2020-01-29 08:57:40-05:00,Q&A: How Coronavirus Threatens Container Supply Chains,"The coronavirus outbreak is intensifying, with more than 4,500 confirmed cases and over 100 deaths. Given its epicenter in China, the epidemic has the potential to significantly disrupt the trans-Pacific container supply chains of U.S. importers. To better understand the potential risks ahead, FreightWaves interviewed economist Paul Bingham, director of transportation consulting at IHS Markit (NYSE: INFO ). The following is an edited version of an interview conducted on Tuesday, Jan. 28: Manufacturing Disruptions FW: The outbreak started in Wuhan in Hubei Province, which is now on lockdown. There's a lot of manufacturing there. Bingham: ""It's not Shenzhen, but it's a manufacturing area. Also, once you've cut certain metro areas off from the rest of the country, presumably some supply chains will have first-tier suppliers [that sell parts to manufacturers] in those areas, and once those suppliers start to get affected, you could get into serious disruptions and factories shutting down [elsewhere]. ""But we have to get far enough away from Chinese New Year to tell the difference.",INFO,en,Benzinga
2020-01-29 06:07:00-05:00,IHS Markit and Yieldbroker collaborate on AUD/NZD trade cost analysis,"IHS Markit (NYSE: INFO), a world leader in critical information, analytics and solutions, today announced it is enhancing fixed income analytics in its…",INFO,en,Finextra Research
2020-01-28 02:27:50-05:00,The impact of sanctions policy: More difficulties to come in 2020,"The sanctions imposed on subsidiary ship owners that were part of the COSCO Shipping family in late 2019 by the Office of Foreign Asset Control (OFAC) were designed to weaken and push to historic lows the continuing trade in goods, especially oil, between China and Iran. In an article last year, IHS Markit noted how the sanction restrictions on this trade route had dented the flow of crude oil between the two countries but had not completely shut it down. The chart below outlines the oil flows between the two countries. The major drop in Iranian exports between April and May occurred when US sanctions kicked back in and the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA) was revoked. In September, the COSCO sanctions were implemented but still, despite dropping, the oil flow remains at a stubborn and persistent level. There is no cliff fall since September 2019. Therefore, have the COSCO sanctions been successful in their intended aim. The short answer so far is 'No'. This is further compounded by an article that states a new, unreported plan that the US will issue in the coming weeks and months that will seek to apply pressure to the global trade finance chain of shippers, insurers, bankers, charterers, bunkerers and freight forwarders.",INFO,en,IHS Markit
2020-01-28 00:23:22-05:00,Atlantic Coast Pipeline Loses Major Courtroom Battle in Virginia,"The Atlantic Coast Pipeline project suffered another legal blow as on January 7 the US Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit vacated the air permit for the project's Buckingham County, Virginia compressor station. The three-judge panel vacated the permit faulting the Virginia Air Pollution Control Board's permit approval in light of environmental justice concerns. The court also chastised the Virginia Department of Environmental Quality (DEQ) for approving the use of gas-fired turbines instead of electric and the court claimed the DEQ had no jurisdiction to make that decision. The court remanded the permit to the state air control board citing both state and federal applications of the Clean Air Act were at issue as well as a ""a complex intertwining of local, state, and federal laws and regulations."" This is the same court which vacated key permits from the US Fish and Wildlife Service for Incidental Take and the US Forest Service permit to cross the Appalachian Trail. The appeal of the Latter vacated permit will be heard by the US Supreme Court.",INFO,en,IHS Markit
2020-01-24 12:00:04-05:00,Le cabinet IHS Markit évoque la probabilité d’élections anticipées dans 6 mois en Tunisie,"Le 10 janvier, l’Assemblée des représentants du peuple, le parlement tunisien, n’a pas voté la confiance au gouvernement de coalition proposé par The post Le cabinet IHS Markit évoque la probabilité d’élections anticipées dans 6 mois en Tunisie appeared first on African Manager .",INFO,fr,African Manager
2020-01-24 04:11:01-05:00,France : la croissance de l'activité du secteur privé a ralenti en janvier | Zone bourse,"La croissance de l'activité du secteur privé en France a ralenti en janvier, selon les données préliminaires publiées vendredi par IHS Markit. L'indice PMI composite de la France s'est replié à… | 24 janvier 2020",INFO,fr,Zonebourse
2020-01-23 11:00:00-05:00,AGENDA ECONOMIQUE du vendredi 24 janvier,23/01/2020 17:00:00 - ** HEURE DE PARIS (GMT+1) ** Marchés fermés en Chine TOKYO : - Inflation / décembre - Indice PMI IHS Markit manufacturier flash / janvier BERLIN : - 09h30 Indices PMI IHS Markit flash / janvie…,INFO,fr,Boursorama
2020-01-23 04:05:04-05:00,DOE Defends Its 2019 LNG Export Analysis,"DOE has published its responses to its report, ""Life Cycle Greenhouse Gas Perspective on Exporting Liquefied Natural Gas from the United States: 2019 Update,"" published in draft form in September. DOE periodically updates this report, which was first produced in 2014, in order to review the impact of new applications seeking authorization to export LNG to non-free trade agreement (FTA) countries. The agency received seven comment letters for about its 2019 report. In the 2019 draft report, DOE asked two main questions: How does domestically produced LNG exported from the United States compare with regional coal used for electric power generation in Europe and Asia, from a life cycle GHG perspective? How do those results compare with natural gas sourced from Russia and delivered via pipeline to the same European and Asian markets? The report found that ""use of U.S. LNG exports to produce electricity in European and Asian markets will not increase GHG emissions on a life cycle perspective, when compared to regional coal extraction and consumption for power production,"" and ""the use of imported coal in these countries would only increase coal's GHG profile."" (See graphs below for Europe and Asia.) DOE noted in the report and the Federal Register notice that it is not required to consider whether LNG would be displacing any electricity from renewable sources or nuclear energy, either of which would have a lower GHG profile than natural gas/LNG power.",INFO,en,IHS Markit
2020-01-20 12:30:00-05:00,Wirecard-Aktie: Leerverkaufsquote auf Rekordhoch - das sollten Anleger jetzt wissen,Laut der monatlichen Statistik des Finanzdatenanbieters IHS Markit haben die Hedgefonds die Wetten auf fallende Kurse bei Wirecard noch einmal um fast 30 Prozent ausgebaut. Von Jörg Lang,INFO,de,BORSE ONLINE
2020-01-20 05:44:35-05:00,UK household optimism hits one-year high but uncertainty remains - CityAM,"CityAM - UK households became more upbeat about their finances in January, a survey from data firm IHS Markit has shown, with […]",INFO,en,City AM
2020-01-17 11:16:56-05:00,"Mastercard kicks off massive climate change effort with Citi, IHS Markit, others",No summary available.,INFO,en,Mobile Payments Today
2020-01-17 08:00:00-05:00,Mastercard and Partners Launch Priceless Planet Coalition to Act on Climate Change,"PURCHASE, N.Y.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Mastercard today announced the launch of the Priceless Planet Coalition, a platform to unite corporate sustainability efforts and make meaningful investments to preserve the environment. Together with partners who share a commitment to doing well by doing good, the Priceless Planet Coalition is pledging to plant 100 million trees over five years. Founding partners in the coalition include Citibank, Santander UK, IHS Markit, bunq, Saks Fifth Avenue, L.L. Bean, Ne",INFO,en,Business Wire
2020-01-16 07:07:56-05:00,IHS Markit Fair Value Case Study,"Tokyo Stock Exchange Holiday December 31, 2019 - January 5, 2020 IHS Markit Fair Value in Review The Tokyo Stock Exchange was closed from December 31st through January 5th to celebrate the New Year. In the absence of readily available quotes, IHS Markit provided fair value prices for Japanese securities during this holiday. Using fair value pricing ensures that long-term investors in the fund benefit from the most accurate share price possible. On January 4, 2020, a top Iranian commander was killed during U.S. airstrikes, thus escalating U.S./Middle East tensions and leading to a slump across the global markets. Since Japan markets were closed during this time, they could not react to this event, but our multifactor fair valuation model successfully captured these events for the Japanese stocks. IHS Markit Fair Value Results Throughout the Tokyo stock exchange holiday, IHS Markit continued to provide fair value prices, calculated using patent-pending multi-factor methodology, for 3000+ Japanese securities.",INFO,en,IHS Markit
2020-01-15 02:39:34-05:00,PMI rounds off dismal year for South African economy,"Business conditions worsen at sharpest pace since October 2018 Power cuts hit output and demand Firms wary of economic challenges in 2020 South Africa's private sector stumbled at the close of 2019, with output contracting amid a heightened round of ""load shedding"" that caused significant power cuts at businesses. Amid numerous setbacks during the year, the country is expected to record weak annual GDP growth of just 0.2%. Challenges also remain for 2020, including Eskom restructuring, drought, strikes and property law changes, signalling that the ruling ANC party has a fraught period ahead to balance long-term policy decisions with efforts to restore economic performance. Further load shedding adds to fragilities The South Africa PMI, compiled by IHS Markit, ended 2019 on a sour note, posting 47.6 in December to indicate a marked deterioration in private sector business conditions. The reading was the lowest for 14 months and among the weakest seen for over five years. The poor end to the year represents a worsening of the trend of decline that has been observed for most of the period since the middle of 2018.",INFO,en,IHS Markit
2020-01-14 09:14:01-05:00,IHS Markit opens HQLA valuation tool to securities finance client,"While the portfolio valuations and reference model inputs are proprietary and only available to PVR clients, IHS Markit’s securities finance clients now have “complimentary access” to the output classifications",INFO,en,securitieslendingtimes.com
2020-01-14 00:33:00-05:00,IHS Markit (INFO) Hits a New 52-Week High: What's Aiding It?,IHS Markit (INFO) stock benefits from consecutive better-than-expected bottom-line performance in the first three quarters of fiscal 2019.,INFO,en,Zacks Investment Research
2020-01-09 10:09:28-05:00,China öffnet seinen Öl- und Gasmarkt für ausländische Firmen,"Marktöffnung ab 1. Mai, bisher mussten sich internationale Firmen gemeinsam mit chinesischen Unternehmen an Joint Ventures beteiligen. China will seinen Öl- und Gassektor heuer für ausländische Unternehmen öffnen und damit die Energieversorgung des Landes ankurbeln. Erstmals dürfen nicht nur die staatlichen Energieriesen, sondern auch ausländische Unternehmen in China nach Öl und Gas suchen und dieses fördern. Bisher mussten sich internationale Firmen an einem Joint Venture beteiligen, um in dem Land die Rohstoffe zu fördern. Experten zufolge dürfte sich das Interesse weltweiter Bohrunternehmen aufgrund der insgesamt schlechten Ressourcen-Qualität in China vorerst im Rahmen halten. Geöffnet werde der Öl- und Gasmarkt ab dem 1. Mai für in China registrierte ausländische Firmen mit einem Nettovermögen von 300 Millionen Yuan (39 Mio. Euro), gab das Ministerium für natürliche Ressourcen auf einer Pressekonferenz bekannt. Die Änderung gelte auch für inländische Firmen, die die gleichen Bedingungen erfüllten.",INFO,de,Kurier.at
2020-01-09 08:12:20-05:00,China abre exploração e produção de petróleo para empresas estrangeiras e domésticas,"Atualmente, país importa 70% do petróleo que refina e quase metade do seu consumo de gás natural. Campo de petróleo da chinesa CNPC, em Bayingol. Reuters A China permitirá, neste ano, pela primeira vez, que empresas estrangeiras explorem e produzam petróleo e gás no país, abrindo o setor para empresas que não sejam gigantes estatais do setor, conforme Pequim procura aumentar o fornecimento doméstico de energia. A tão esperada abertura acompanha uma remodelação do chamado negócio de oleodutos ""midstream"", mas especialistas dizem que ela pode não despertar o interesse imediato dos perfuradores globais devido à má qualidade geral dos ativos de reservas de hidrocarbonetos da China. A partir de 1º de maio, empresas estrangeiras registradas na China com ativos líquidos de 300 milhões de iuanes (43 milhões de dólares) poderão participar da exploração e produção de petróleo e gás, anunciou o ministério de recursos naturais em entrevista coletiva. A alteração também se aplica a empresas domésticas que atendem à mesma condição. ""A China está acelerando a reforma do setor devido a preocupações crescentes com a segurança energética"", disse Zhu Kunfeng, diretor associado de pesquisa do IHS Markit. ""Vitalizar a indústria diversificando os participantes, incluindo investidores estrangeiros e privados, é o foco dessa reforma"".",INFO,pt,Globo
2020-01-08 09:28:00-05:00,Petróleo pode ser usado como arma do Irã contra os EUA?,"Assassinato de alto general iraniano por americanos, seguido de ameaça de vingança, afeta mercados de petróleo Na segunda-feira (6), o preço do barril de petróleo Brent bateu US$ 70, valor mais alto desde setembro. Reuters Uma das opções de Teerã poderia ser interromper o fornecimento do produto.O preço do barril de petróleo atingiu US$ 70 na última segunda-feira (6). Esse é o valor mais alto desde setembro, quando ataques de drones a refinarias da Arábia Saudita, supostamente apoiados pelo Irã, cortaram pela metade o fornecimento petrolífero de Riad. Os Estados Unidos alertaram que Teerã pode retaliar com outro ataque às instalações sauditas para vingar a morte do general iraniano Qassim Soleimani. Os mercados de petróleo estão nervosos desde que ataques aéreos dos EUA mataram o alto militar que liderava a força de elite da Guarda Revolucionária (Quds), em 3 de janeiro. Após o Irã atacar duas bases americanas no Iraque na madrugada, os preços do petróleo voltaram a subir no início das negociações desta quarta-feira.",INFO,pt,Globo
2020-01-06 16:51:00-05:00,British business gets a Boris bounce: Optimism up as orders rise,"Although activity in the UK's dominant services sector was largely unchanged in December, according to a survey by IHS Markit, new orders rose at the fastest pace since last July.",INFO,en,Daily Mail Online
2020-01-06 08:08:00-05:00,"Setor de serviços do Brasil fecha 2019 em ritmo ainda tímido, mostra PMI","Por José de CastroSÃO PAULO (Reuters) - A atividade no setor de serviços brasileiro fechou o último mês de 2019 com aceleração muito pontual, mostraram dados do IHS Markit nesta segunda-feira, sustentado por entradas de… Leia mais",INFO,pt,Extra
2020-01-06 00:25:03-05:00,IHS MARKIT LTD : News et Informations Boursières | INFO | BMG475671050 | Zone bourse,"IHS MARKIT LTD : Actualités, news et informations action IHS MARKIT LTD | INFO | BMG475671050 | Nyse",INFO,fr,Zonebourse
2020-01-03 04:35:21-05:00,"CES 2020: Technology drives architecture transformation in the vehicle, bringing disruption and opportunity","At CES 2020, experts from IHS Markit expect to see a wide-range of companies from automakers and traditional industry suppliers to start-ups and mega technology firms touting their newest ideas, concepts, and production-ready innovations - all with the aim of reinventing what the automobile is and what it can do. Regarding the automotive industry, the announcements made and exhibits on display will relate to these broad themes: Automated driving today and Autonomous mobility of the future Data monetization and the transformation of the Connected Car Evolution of in-vehicle user experience, from software to virtual assistants Architecture transformation from ECUs to servers on wheels Each category has an amazing breadth and depth as firms both inside and outside the automotive industry position themselves for the biggest piece of -- what is expected to be -- a very lucrative pie. IHS Markit covers each of these sectors very closely and will have several experts at the 2020 CES to witness the innovation and provide commentary about the impact of the various announcements to the global automotive industry.",INFO,en,IHS Markit
2020-01-02 04:35:00-05:00,"Royaume Uni : PMI manufacturier à 47,5 en décembre","02/01/2020 10:35:00 - (CercleFinance.com) - L'indice PMI du secteur manufacturier britannique, calculé par IHS Markit et le CIPS, s'est établi à 47,5 en donnée définitive au titre du mois écoulé, après 47,4 en estimation flash, deuxième n…",INFO,fr,Boursorama
2020-01-02 04:16:05-05:00,Europe/PMI-La contraction du secteur manufacturier s'est accentuée en décembre,Principaux résultats définitifs des enquêtes IHS Markit auprès des directeurs d'achat du secteur manufacturier en Europe: * ZONE EURO-LA CONTRACTION S'EST ACCENTUÉE EN…,INFO,fr,Zonebourse
2020-01-02 04:06:01-05:00,France : la croissance du secteur manufacturier au plus bas depuis 3 mois en décembre | Zone bourse,"L'activité du secteur manufacturier en France a enregistré sa plus faible croissance depuis trois mois en décembre, selon les données définitives publiées jeudi par IHS Markit. L'indice PMI du… | 2 janvier 2020",INFO,fr,Zonebourse
2020-01-02 02:22:00-05:00,Manufacturing sector growth picks up to 52.7; touches 7-month high in Dec,"The Nikkei Manufacturing Purchasing Managers' Index, compiled by IHS Markit, rose to 52.7 in the final month of 2019 from November's 51.2",INFO,en,Business Today
2019-12-30 02:51:04-05:00,2019 was a difficult year for traditional pumping suppliers,"Figure 1: Total frac capacity in North America 2019-Q4 (forecast) Financially, 2019 has been a difficult year to say the least for pumping suppliers, and unfortunately the fourth quarter did not allow them to end on a high note. Compared to the previous quarter, IHS Markit estimates a decrease of demand to around 13.2 million hydraulic horsepower (HHP), a change of about 10% when compared to 3Q19 HHP demand. The largest driver of downward demand currently is the Marcellus, with an estimated drop of around 450,000 HHP; the only silver lining for suppliers is that no such large changes are anticipated for the next few quarters. While demand decreased over 4Q19, perhaps the more significant story has been that of decreasing supply, as pumping companies continue to stack pumps, scrap aging equipment, and write off large portions of their fleet. Schlumberger alone wrote off around $1.3 billion in pressure pumping equipment in 4Q19, and given no anticipation of improving market conditions, 2020 could see similar actions taken by other suppliers.",INFO,en,IHS Markit
2019-12-19 08:10:40-05:00,La confianza empresarial alemana da un respiro,"El estado de ánimo en los ejecutivos de empresas alemanas ha mejorado notablemente en diciembre y permite terminar el año con un respiro. El estado de ánimo en los pisos ejecutivos alemanes ha mejorado notablemente en Navidad. E l índice de clima de negocios Ifo subió a 96.3 puntos este último mes, después de los 95.1 puntos (desestacionalizado) anotados en noviembre y mejorando las expectativas para 2021 en diversos sectores de los que sigue excluido por el momento el castigado sector manufacturero. Esto se debe, según el informe presentado esta mañana por el Instituto Ifo de Múnich, a la estimación a la estimación de los empresarios de este sector de que su situación actual es algo peor que la del resto y a que sus planes de producción todavía están orientados hacia los recortes. Además, a estas empresas les resulta más difícil obtener nuevos préstamos. El clima de negocios en el comercio minorista también se ha deteriorado. Los distribuidores estaban algo más satisfechos con su situación comercial actual, pero sus perspectivas para los próximos meses no son mucho mejores.",INFO,es,ABC
2019-12-18 06:38:12-05:00,"US manufacturing output rebounds, confirming IHS Markit PMI signal","Official data showed manufacturing output rebounding in November, albeit still on course to decline in the fourth quarter. The official data correspond closely with IHS Markit PMI signals, and contrast with a steep decline indicated by ISM data Some of the confusion over varying US survey signals was lifted after official data showed manufacturing output rebounding 1.1% in November, confirming the picture presented by the IHS Markit's PMI data. December flash PMI data meanwhile point to a further stabilisation of production. The manufacturing output index from the IHS Markit PMI survey had risen to a ten-month high of 53.7 in November, indicating that the goods-producing sector continued to gain growth momentum for a fourth successive month after having slumped earlier in the year. The improvement in the IHS Markit index contrasted with continued weakness in the ISM survey, where at 49.1 the November production index remained at its third-lowest since May 2009, albeit picking up from lower readings in September and October.",INFO,en,IHS Markit
2019-12-17 05:48:27-05:00,EU passenger car registrations grow 4.9% y/y during November – ACEA,"IHS Markit Perspective Implications: Passenger car registrations in the European Union have recorded a further improvement during November, of 4.9% y/y. Outlook: The improvement during November has been due to several factors and despite at least one less working day in most markets. However, IHS Markit still expects that passenger car registrations in the EU will fall in 2019, 2020, and 2021. Passenger car registrations in the European Union (EU) have recorded further growth during November, according to the latest data published by the European Automobile Manufacturers' Association (Association des Constructeurs Européens d'Automobiles: ACEA). Demand grew by 4.9% year on year (y/y) to 1,175,959 units. The latest gain has meant that the decline in the year to date (YTD) has been further reduced, ending the 11-month period down by just 0.3% y/y at 14,123,228 units. Passenger car registrations in the European Free Trade Association (EFTA) - made up of Iceland, Norway, and Switzerland - fell back last month though, down by 6% y/y to 34,901 units, as a result of a downturn recorded in Norway.",INFO,en,IHS Markit
2019-12-17 05:05:53-05:00,Top 10 economic predictions for 2020,"Global growth weakened considerably in 2019, falling from 3.2% in 2018 to of 2.6; the main culprits, the trade wars and weakening growth in China. In response, many central banks began to loosen monetary policy. However, as global exporters adjusted to the new world of higher tariffs, the impacts of the trade war on real GDP growth turned out to be smaller than expected. By the end of the year, many of the IHS Markit purchasing managers' indexes (especially in manufacturing) began to stabilize and show small gains. Moreover, while any major progress on the trade war will likely have to wait until after the 2020 US elections, an escalation in hostilities—significant enough to do major damage—also seems unlikely. What's coming in 2020 1) US growth will expand 2.1% A couple of special factors will boost GDP growth over the first half of next year: a rebound in production at General Motors, our assumption of resumed deliveries of Boeing's 737 MAX line of aircraft l and the ""phase one"" trade deal with China.",INFO,en,IHS Markit
2019-12-16 14:16:56-05:00,"On Electric Vehicles, China And California Aim For More Stick, Less Carrot","China and California, the world's largest electric vehicle markets, sent strong signals in December that their respective economies will shift away from public subsidies toward sales mandates, as both governments seek more aggressive actions to slash greenhouse gas emissions and pollution stemming from fossil fuel-based transportation. Earlier this month, China's Ministry of Industry and Technology released a 15-year ""draft development"" plan calling for new energy vehicles (NEV) to account for 25% of annual new vehicle sales by 2025. That target includes medium- and heavy-duty vehicles, Tony Wang, associate director, research and analysis for IHS Markit, told FreightWaves in an email. The new vehicle targets come as China is phasing out a NEV subsidy program that has led to soaring production and sales of alternative fuel vehicles . Around 1.23 million EVs roam the roads in China, the largest fleet of EVs in any country. Subsidies will be completely phased out by the end of 2020, to be replaced by mandates that shift more of the burden to manufacturers who will be required to sell increasing numbers of NEVs.",INFO,en,Benzinga Feeds
2019-12-16 04:13:29-05:00,France : croissance modérée de l'activité du secteur privé en décembre | Zone bourse,"L'activité du secteur privé en France a enregistré une croissance modérée en décembre, selon les données préliminaires publiées lundi par IHS Markit. L'indice PMI composite de la France s'est… | 16 décembre 2019",INFO,fr,Zonebourse
2019-12-16 00:00:00-05:00,Agenda economique du lundi 16 décembre | Zone bourse,"PARIS : - 09h15 Indices PMI IHS Markit flash / décembre TOKYO : - Indice PMI manufacturier flash / décembre PEKIN : - Production industrielle, ventes au… | 16 décembre 2019",INFO,fr,Zonebourse
2019-12-13 11:00:00-05:00,AGENDA ECONOMIQUE du lundi 16 décembre,"13/12/2019 17:00:00 - ** HEURE DE PARIS (GMT+1) ** PARIS : - 09h15 Indices PMI IHS Markit flash / décembre TOKYO : - Indice PMI manufacturier flash / décembre PEKIN : - Production industrielle, ventes au détail, investisseme…",INFO,fr,Boursorama
2019-12-09 23:49:17-05:00,"Hydrogen as an energy carrier: A win-win situation for China for technology exports, indigenous resource deployment, and deep decarbonization","On 21 November 2019, IHS Markit delivered the second workshop for the ""Hydrogen the Enabler: Meeting China's Energy Challenge?"" multi-client study. Following up on the first workshop discussing current hydrogen market development in China and hydrogen production, transportation, and storage cost outlooks by technology, the second workshop focused on the potential penetration of hydrogen in key energy consuming sectors and the implications on China and the global market. This marks the completion of the three part series by IHS Markit studying hydrogen as an energy carrier—first on Europe, then California, and now China, pushing the frontier of research on the global energy market in a low carbon world. During our work, we have also established a community of over 50 companies across the value chain to share insights and progress in this new area of market development. The reseach and community will continue through the IHS Markit Hydrogen and Renewable Gas Forum that will provide insights into developments in hydrogen and renewable gas globally.",INFO,en,IHS Markit
2019-12-08 06:10:26-05:00,India’s real GDP growth in FY20 to be below 5 per cent: IHS Markit,"India’s real GDP growth in the 2019-20 fiscal is expected to be slightly below 5 per cent as the impact of stimulus measures will take time to filter through to the economy, IHS Markit has said.The la",INFO,en,The Hindu BusinessLine
2019-12-08 02:38:04-05:00,India's real GDP growth in FY20 to come below 5%,"NEW DELHI: India's real GDP growth in 2019-20 fiscal is expected to be slightly below 5 per cent as the impact of stimulus measures will take time to filter through to the economy, IHS Markit has said.Latest GDP data for July-September quarter showed a significant further moderation in the pace of economic growth to 4.5 per cent, the weakest in six years with a key contributory factor being a slump in manufacturing output. This compared with the 5 per cent growth rate registered in the previous quarter and 7 per cent rate recorded a year ago in September quarter of 2018.For the first half of 2019-20 fiscal, GDP growth slowed to a pace of 4.8 per cent compared to the 7.5 per cent a year back.""Financial sector fragilities continue to weigh on India's economic growth momentum, with the high level of non-performing loans on the balance sheets of the public sector banks, constraining their new lending,"" IHS said in a report.Furthermore, there are also risks from potential contagion effects from troubled non-bank financial companies (NBFCs) to the balance sheets of some commercial banks, which could further weigh on the overall pace of credit expansion.",INFO,en,The Economic Times India
2019-12-05 05:08:14-05:00,The golden-age of trackers: One third of global ground-mounted PV installations will use trackers from 2019 to 2023,"2018 was a record year for global shipments of single-axis solar photovoltaic (PV) trackers as they increased by over 40 percent, surpassing 20 gigawatts-dc (GW) globally for the first time. While the United States continued to be the largest individual market for single-axis trackers last year, shipments also increased in Mexico, Australia, Egypt, Spain, and other large utility-scale markets. The Americas was the largest regional market, accounting for more than half of global PV tracker demand. However, the growth rate was strongest in the Middle East and North Africa. PV trackers accounted for over 25 percent of global ground-mount shipments for the first time in 2018. The top-ten suppliers continued to benefit from greater adoption of PV tracker technology, and all of them achieved higher year-over-year shipment volumes in 2018. NEXTracker continued to lead the market, for the fourth year in a row, accounting for 29 percent of global PV tracker shipments. As was the case last year, Array Technologies was the second largest supplier in the market, followed by PV Hardware, Arctech Solar, and Soltec.",INFO,en,IHS Markit
2019-12-04 02:28:14-05:00,Twin headwinds restrict Zambian economic output,"Power cuts and money shortages depress output New orders fall only slightly Zambian economic output is being held back by shortages of power and money, with 2019 looking set to see the weakest GDP growth for 20 years. The economy is still some way off recording increases in business activity, despite signs of improvement in new orders. Output down sharply again November PMI data highlighted the impact that issues outside the control of local companies are having on their output. Business activity decreased at a solid pace again during the month, with the rate of contraction little-changed from that seen in October. The marked fall in output was recorded in spite of more positive signs in terms of customer demand. Although new business continued to fall in November, the rate of decline was only marginal and the weakest in the current nine-month sequence of contraction. Some survey respondents indicated that customer numbers had shown signs of improvement, despite remaining low overall. ",INFO,en,IHS Markit
2019-12-02 09:51:50-05:00,"EE.UU.: El PMI manufacturero de Markit sube a 52.6 en noviembre, mejorando expectativas","El PMI manufacturero de IHS Markit para Estados Unidos ha mostrado un subida de 1.3 puntos en noviembre, aumentando a 52.6 desde los 51.3 registrados",INFO,es,Forex Street
2019-12-02 04:36:34-05:00,Positive sentiment boost Bursa Malaysia to end at intra-day high,"KUALA LUMPUR: Positive sentiment on the local and global market pushed Bursa Malaysia to close at an intra-day high today, with buying activities mostly seen in consumer products counters, dealers said. At 5pm, the FTSE Bursa Malaysia KLCI (FBM KLCI) jumped 8.81 points or 0.56 per cent to finish at 1,570.55 from 1,561.74 at Friday’s close. The benchmark index opened 0.81 of-a-point higher at 1,562.55 and moved to the lowest of 1,561.98 during the trading day. On the broader market, gainers thumped losers 440 to 375, with 373 counters unchanged, 767 untraded and 18 others suspended. Volume slipped to 2.03 billion shares worth RM1.41 billion from 2.60 billion shares worth RM2.35 billion last Friday. It was reported today that Malaysia’s headline Manufacturing Purchasing Managers’ Index (PMI) climbed to a 14-month high in November, driven by an increase in new export orders for the first time in four months, according to IHS Markit. According to the survey respondents, IHS Markit said demand from several key overseas markets had improved during November, generating a net rise for the first time in four months, with key sources of order book strength being the Middle East and Asia-Pacific regions, as well as higher sales to customers in the US.",INFO,en,The Sun Daily
2019-11-29 05:19:26-05:00,"US equity lending relies on fewer hot stocks, says IHS Markit",IHS Markit’s Sam Pierson reviews how the top-10 hottest US equities have dominated annual lending revenues in 2019 like we haven't seen in several years,INFO,en,securitieslendingtimes.com
2019-11-26 08:12:00-05:00,Meet the Country Where Riots Boost GDP,A raft of recent surveys of purchasing managers published by research firm IHS Markit confirmed that the eurozone economy continues to slow. But one large European power is very clearly bucking the trend: France.,INFO,en,The Wall Street Journal
2019-11-22 04:21:02-05:00,Euro-Zonen-Wirtschaft stagniert weitgehend,"Die Wirtschaft im Euro-Raum kommt nicht von der Stelle. Der Einkaufsmanagerindex, der Industrie und Dienstleister zusammenfasst, fiel im November überraschend um 0,3 auf 50,3 Punkte, wie aus der am Freitag veröffentlichten monatlichen Umfrage des Instituts IHS Markit unter rund 4000 Firmen hervorgeht.",INFO,de,BORSE ONLINE
2019-11-22 03:30:00-05:00,France : poursuite du redressement de l'indice PMI,"22/11/2019 09:30:00 - (CercleFinance.com) - En novembre, la version préliminaire (flash) de l'indice d'activité global pour la France calculé par IHS Markit s'est redressé pour atteindre 52,7 points, son plus haut niveau en trois mois, après …",INFO,fr,Boursorama
2019-11-22 03:27:02-05:00,France : nouvelle croissance soutenue de l'activité du secteur privé en novembre | Zone bourse,"L'activité du secteur privé en France a continué de croître de façon soutenue en novembre, selon les données préliminaires publiées vendredi par IHS Markit. L'indice PMI composite de la France… | 22 novembre 2019",INFO,fr,Zonebourse
2019-11-22 00:38:59-05:00,"Musk unveils Tesla's electric 'Cybertruck' at $ 39,000","Los Angeles: Taking on the pickup truck marker leader Ford, Tesla CEO Elon Musk finally unveiled the ambitious six-seater electric ""Cybertruck"" at a packed house here that will soon be seen on the roads. Starting at $39,900, ""Cybertruck"" is inspired by ""Lotus Esprit S1"" from the Bond film ""The Spy Who Loved Me"". The truck will come in three versions with 250 miles, 300 miles and 500 miles of range, respectively. ""Tesla Cybertruck(pressurized edition) will be official truck of Mars. Cybertruck design influenced partly by The Spy Who Loved Me,"" tweeted Musk. According to research firm IHS Markit, the Ford F-150 has been the top-selling pickup truck in the US for more than 40 years, followed by GM's Chevrolet Silverado. Pickup trucks are currently the fastest-growing segment in the US. At the Los Angeles event at the Tesla Design Centre late Thursday, Musk took a dig at Ford, showing a video of a ""tug of war"" between F-150 and the Cybertruck. In June this year, the Tesla CEO said the truck would start at ""less than $50,000,"" putting it between the starting price of the Model 3 (currently $39,400) and the Model S (currently $79,990) sedans.",INFO,en,Sify.com
2019-11-21 04:11:35-05:00,IHS Markit brings real-time municipal bond issuance data and management to buyside investors,"IHS Markit, a specialist in critical information, analytics and solutions, has launched Ipreo Muni for institutional investors, an electronic platform to directly connect asset managers to live primary market information published by municipal bond dealers.",INFO,en,institutionalassetmanager.co.uk
2019-11-18 01:20:24-05:00,The Returning spectre – beyond IMO2020,"From 2008 to 2015, some 2.1 million barrels/day (b/d) of refinery distillation capacity in Europe was closed. A combination of weak local demand, grass-root investments in Asia and the Middle East and the resulting poor margin environment proved too challenging for several operators. Since then, generally higher margins, helped by strong demand growth and falling oil prices, have provided much needed support for the industry, and upcoming changes to the International Maritime Organization (IMO) bunker fuel specification are expected to lift margins further in 2020. However, after a temporary uplift in 2020-2021, the benefits of the IMO changes are expected to fade. The industry worldwide will likely face a severe, challenging business environment as demand growth reaches a plateau, and refineries - especially in Europe - will once again be under threat and facing potential rationalization. Tough times: the downturn European crude distillation capacity was broadly constant throughout the 1990s and early 2000s, at approximately 17.0 million b/d.",INFO,en,IHS Markit
2019-11-15 04:29:35-05:00,Is Pennsylvania on the path to join the Regional Greenhouse Gas Initiative?,"In October 2019, Pennsylvania Governor Tom Wolf issued an executive order directing the state's Department of Environmental Protection to join the Regional Greenhouse Gas Initiative (RGGI), the power-sector CO 2 cap and trade program in the Northeast. This follows an earlier executive order targeting a 26% reduction in emissions statewide by 2025 and 80% by 2050. Participation in RGGI is not yet a done deal - the state must proceed through a regulatory process over the coming years, during which time participation will almost certainly be challenged by the state legislature. Despite the challenges ahead, the addition of Pennsylvania would be a momentous change for RGGI. In 2018, Pennsylvania's emissions from electricity were 81 million tons - or 8 million tons more than the combined total emissions from all nine currently participating states. These emissions reflect not only the size of the state, but a substantial amount of coal-fired generation - 13 GW in 2018. The imposition of carbon pricing on Pennsylvania fossil generators would elevate wholesale power prices in parts of PJM.",INFO,en,IHS Markit
2019-11-15 01:20:10-05:00,IHS Markit (NYSE:INFO) Price Target Raised to $65.00,"IHS Markit (NYSE:INFO) had its target price lifted by Cantor Fitzgerald from $59.00 to $65.00 in a research note released on Wednesday morning, The Fly reports. Several other brokerages have also commented on INFO. William Blair reissued an outperform rating on shares of IHS Markit in a report on Wednesday, September 25th. SunTrust Banks boosted […]",INFO,en,Modern Readers
2019-11-14 04:21:53-05:00,Spending on new military aircraft falls in Gulf amid low oil prices: Report,"Air force procurement budgets in the Gulf region fell 9 percent in 2019, but will increase in the next two years, Jane’s by IHS Markit said in a report on Thursday.“The decline …",INFO,en,Al Arabiya
2019-11-13 06:36:21-05:00,Key Strategic Issues Impacting the Global Ethylene Markets,"Introduction Historically, global demand for ethylene has grown at a multiple of world GDP growth. However, the relationship between ethylene demand growth and economic growth is becoming less straightforward. The ethylene demand to GDP elasticity is being diluted by the increasing influence of the technology and services sector on GDP growth and the correspondingly lower impact of manufacturing. Also, there has been a strong push toward sustainability and recycling, so some ethylene demand has been replaced by recycled or natural materials (paper, glass, etc.). This is resulting in lower multiples to GDP growth, especially in developed countries. In 2019, ongoing trade tensions between the United States and China have resulted in an overall slowdown in derivatives demand and a shift in global trade flows. Prices of feedstocks were volatile in 2019 amid sanctions on Iranian crude oil, attacks on Saudi oil production facilities, the upcoming 2020 implementation of a new International Maritime Organization (IMO) fuel regulation, and overall length in global LPG supply, all of which influence price competitiveness and cracker feedslates.",INFO,en,IHS Markit
2019-11-12 06:41:12-05:00,Six brokers select IHS Markit to manage SFTR questionnaires,IHS Markit’s counterparty manager: Outreach360 is set to support real-time updates to questionnaire responses and counterparty classification for SFTR,INFO,en,securitieslendingtimes.com
2019-11-11 13:56:52-05:00,IBM quer parceria com operadoras para turbinar projetos de 5G,"Estudo da Qualcomm organizado pela IHS Markit 5G, aponta que a prxima gerao de internet mvel gerar US$ 13,2 trilhes em habilitao de vendas at 2035",INFO,pt,Jornal do Comercio
2019-11-11 13:10:01-05:00,Google anuncia caixa de som inteligente Nest Mini no Brasil,"Dispositivo é o segundo hardware do Google lançado no país e acirra mercado de dispositivos conectados. Nest Mini, alto-falante residencial do Google, chega ao Brasil. Thiago Lavado/G1 O Google anunciou nesta segunda-feira (11) a chegada oficial do Nest Mini, dispositivo com assistente de voz que permite automatizar residências. É o segundo hardware que o Google lança no país, depois do Chrome Cast, aparelho que serve para trazer funções inteligentes para TVs. O Nest Mini começa a ser vendido nesta terça-feira (12) por R$ 349, em varejistas parceiros do Google. O alto-falante conta com a inteligência do Google Assistente, que permite conectar o aparelho a lâmpadas inteligentes, tomadas, Smart TVs. Também é possível configurar rotinas diárias e interagir com serviços digitais — tocar músicas e podcasts no Spotify, por exemplo. Nas especificidades técnicas, o Nest Mini chega em duas cores — ""carvão"" e ""giz"". O tecido que cobre o dispositivo é feito de garrafas plásticas recicladas. Ele conta com um suporte de parde, não tendo a necessidade de ficar sobre uma superfície.",INFO,pt,Globo
2019-11-06 10:24:04-05:00,IHS Markit and Pirum Systems adds UTI sharing service to SFTR solution,"“As we learned with EMIR, UTI sharing can be a major challenge for firms and regulators as they aim to get a meaningful view of all the data submitted to trade repositories,'' says IHS Markit’s Pierre Khemdoudi",INFO,en,securitieslendingtimes.com
2019-11-06 06:42:00-05:00,El sector de los servicios esquiva la crisis... pero solo porque baja los precios,"Mientras la actividad manufacturera bajó a 46,8 puntos, el sector servicios aguantó en los 52,7 puntos. Según IHS Markit, esto se debe a los descuentos en los precios, ""una señal preocupante""",INFO,es,El Confidencial
2019-11-06 05:54:11-05:00,IHS Markit brings in ex ABN AMRO VP for sec lending,IHS Markit has added to its securities finance team in New York with the hire of a former vice president for ABN AMRO,INFO,en,securitieslendingtimes.com
2019-11-06 05:39:36-05:00,"Zona Euro ""perto da estagnação"" em outubro. PMI aponta para contração no 4.º trimestre",O indicador da IHS Markit para o andamento da economia da Zona Euro antecipa que haja uma contração no quarto trimestre.,INFO,pt,Jornal de Negócios
2019-11-06 04:04:01-05:00,France : l'activité du secteur privé a enregistré une croissance soutenue en octobre,"L'activité du secteur privé en France a enregistré une croissance soutenue en octobre, selon les données définitives publiées mercredi par IHS Markit. L'indice PMI composite de la France s'est…",INFO,fr,Zonebourse
2019-11-04 20:35:08-05:00,"Small is beautiful, but Maruti likes to make it big","MUMBAI: With its bread-and-butter entry-level segment of cars struggling to slot into the right gear, Maruti Suzuki is eyeing ‘upgraders’ buying sports utility vehicles and multipurpose vehicles that cost up to Rs 20 lakh to drive growth and protect its share in a market the Japanese carmaker has led for decades.The decision by India’s biggest carmaker to extend its bailiwick and populate a far pricier segment comes after newcomers Kia Motors and MG Motors bucked a sluggish sales trend in the broader industry to corner single-digit market shares within three months of debuting in the country.In an alliance with Toyota, Maruti Suzuki will be targeting the Hyundai Creta space with a midsize SUV in 2022, and this vehicle will be based on the current Brezza architecture. A C-segment MPV in 2023 is also planned, and both vehicles are likely to be produced at Toyota’s factory in Bidadi, industry sources told ET.71915099 Unlike the re-badged Baleno, Ciaz and Ertiga, which will be shared by Maruti and Toyota in India till 2022, the SUV and MPV under development are likely to have distinct characteristics or differentiation to ensure that both companies gain from India’s growing preference for utility vehicles.The utility vehicle segment is expected to overtake the humble hatchback segment in India, as an increasing number of buyers prefer the tall and high-seating SUVs and MPVs that cost as low as Rs 5 lakh and as high as Rs 1 crore.",INFO,en,The Economic Times India
2019-11-04 20:20:54-05:00,Stocks Blog: Hong Kong business activity falls to worst level in 11 years,"Good day, traders! Today, Chinese President Xi Jinping speaks at the China International Import Expo, where last year he unveiled his idea for the Star Market for tech startups. Hong Kong business activity fell to its worth level in 11 years, IHS Markit said in a new report. We've got you covered on the main news and moves in Hong Kong and mainland markets. And if you'd like to receive the Live Stocks Blog each day via email, shoot Deb a message at deb.price@scmp.com. -- Yujing Liu and…",INFO,en,South China Morning Post
2019-11-04 08:15:27-05:00,La incertidumbre política ahonda el retroceso del sector manufacturero español,"El deterioro del sector manufacturero español se ha seguido agravando durante el pasado mes de octubre, cuando el índice de gerentes de compras (PMI) ha caído a 46,8 puntos desde los 47,7 del mes anterior, lo que representa la peor lectura del dato en seis años y medio como reflejo del impacto de la incertidumbre política. El economista de IHS Markit, Paul Smith ha comentado que «octubre resultó ser otro mes difícil para los fabricantes españoles, ya que las continuas incertidumbres políticas, tanto en el país como en el extranjero, afectaron considerablemente el comportamiento del sector». La caída del índice PMI en octubre se ha explicado principalmente por el fuerte y acelerado descenso de los nuevos pedidos en un contexto de elevada incertidumbre económica y política, tanto en el paíscomo en el extranjero, que afectó a la demanda del mercado, ya que los clientes adoptaron un enfoque de mayor cautela en sus actividades de compra e inversión. De este modo, los nuevos pedidos han registrado en octubre su mayor caída desde abril de 2013.",INFO,es,ABC
2019-11-04 04:03:01-05:00,France : la croissance de l'activité manufacturière a accéléré en octobre,"La croissance de l'activité du secteur manufacturier en France a accéléré en octobre, selon les données définitives publiées lundi par IHS Markit. L'indice PMI du secteur manufacturier en France…",INFO,fr,Zonebourse
2019-11-03 23:55:39-05:00,IHS Markit: PH manufacturing growth recovers in October as inflation eases,"MANILA, Philippines --- Manufacturing growth recovered in October partly on easing inflation of production costs, the latest IHS Markit Philippines Manufacturing Purchasing Managers' Index (PMI) released Monday showed. The seasonally adjusted PMI inched up to 52.1 last month from 51.8 in September, reversing two straight months of decline. Global research firm IHS Markit said October's reading was the same as July's -- the highest so far this year. A PMI score above 50 reflected an overall increase in manufacturing activity. In a separate report, IHS Markit said that in Asean, only the Philippines and Myanmar posted improved PMI last month, bucking the downward trend in most … Keep on reading: IHS Markit: PH manufacturing growth recovers in October as inflation eases",INFO,en,Inquirer.Net
2019-10-31 11:14:59-05:00,PSA-Fiat Chrysler : atteindre une taille critique est « beaucoup plus important qu'avant »,"Le rapprochement de PSA et Fiat Chrysler doit leur permettre d'atteindre une taille critique nécessaire à l'heure où d'importants investissements se profilent dans le secteur, explique aux « Echos » Romain Gillet, analyste chez IHS Markit.",INFO,fr,Les Echos
2019-10-31 02:32:09-05:00,Venezuela Power: Blackouts underscore national electricity crisis,"Venezuela, which suffered massive blackouts in March of this year, continues to be affected by recurrent and significant power outages. Blackouts occur several times a week in the capital Caracas and practically daily in other parts of the country, including in the oil-rich state of Zulia. There is a high probability that this year's outages— which have left the country without electricity and disrupted the entire economy, including the oil sector—will continue over the coming months. Venezuela's blackouts stem from failures across the power sector. As a result, there are no quick solutions to the underlying causes, and power rationing and blackouts are unlikely to be eliminated anytime soon. At the Guri hydropower plant, which in the past two years has supplied an average of 80% of the country's power, 12 of the 20 turbines are out of commission. In addition, key transformers linking Guri and other hydro plants to demand centers are out of order. Meanwhile, the country's thermal fleet is only 17% operational.",INFO,en,IHS Markit
2019-10-30 06:15:16-05:00,IHS Markit and ClearPar introduce electronic trade settlement for distressed leveraged loans,"IHS Markit has partnered with Magis Analytics, to launch electronic trade settlement for the distressed leveraged loan market.",INFO,en,institutionalassetmanager.co.uk
2019-10-29 08:19:00-05:00,IHS Markit to Offer Industry Trends and Aftermarket Insight at AAPEX 2019,"SOUTHFIELD, Mich.--(BUSINESS WIRE)-- #VIO--IHS Markit will share automotive industry insight during AAPEX 2019 in Las Vegas next week",INFO,en,Business Wire
2019-10-24 08:30:23-05:00,Why Is IHS Markit (INFO) Up 5% Since Last Earnings Report?,IHS Markit (INFO) reported earnings 30 days ago. What's next for the stock? We take a look at earnings estimates for some clues.,INFO,en,Zacks Investment Research
2019-10-24 03:05:00-05:00,Eurozone 'close to stagnation' as PMIs inch up in October,"The eurozone is mired close to stagnation at the start of the fourth quarter, IHS Markit said alongside the release of October purchasing managers indexes….",INFO,en,MarketWatch
2019-10-03 09:23:20-05:00,Traders are piling in to short WeWork's 'house of cards' junk bonds — and the cost of the bets are some of the of the priciest on record,"WeWork bonds traded at record lows Wednesday and are now among the most expensive to short in the US corporate market. $67 million of The We Company debt is on loan, around 10% of the total, demonstrating that investors have moved to short the flailing startup, according to IHS Markit data. ""The company has atrocious corporate governance and now that investors are finally doing credit work on the name, they aren't liking what they see,"" said Christian Hoffman, a portfolio manager at Thornburg Investment Management, in an interview with Business Insider. Click here for more BI Prime stories . Another day, another dollar against WeWork. Investors have piled into short positions against the beleaguered unicorn's high yield junk debt to make the startup's bonds some of the most expensive to borrow in US corporate history. Some $67 million or 10% of the company's outstanding $669 million of corporate debt was on loan, a proxy for short activity, according to data provider IHS Markit. The We Company's debt hit record lows Wednesday trading at 85 cents on the dollar.",INFO,en,Business Insider
2019-10-01 03:32:13-05:00,GBP/USD stays below 1.23 after UK Aug Manufacturing PMI rebounds to 48.3 in Sept,"The UK manufacturing sector activity contraction unexpectedly slowed in the month of September, the latest survey report from IHS Markit showed this T",INFO,en,FXStreet
2019-09-24 08:41:37-05:00,IHS Markit Selling Aerospace and Defense Data Unit for $470 Million,IHS Markit reveals it is selling its aerospace and defense publishing unit for $470 million….INFO,INFO,en,The Street
