datetime,headline,summary,related,lang,source
2020-04-27 17:13:00-05:00,11 major companies that have returned millions of dollars acquired through a government relief program meant for small businesses,"The $349 billion Paycheck Protection Program launched in early April was meant to bolster struggling small businesses . It was aimed at providing businesses with fewer than 500 employees with two-year, low-interest loans to cover salaries, wages, benefits, and certain taxes. The program would provide up to $10 million per company. Hundreds of publicly traded companies received funding through the federal government's Paycheck Protection Program. The program ran out of money less than two weeks after it was introduced. On April 23, the Treasury Department said publicly traded companies have two weeks to give back federal relief loans intended for small businesses. Here is a list of major companies, from Shake Shack to AutoNation, that have already confirmed they're returning the funds. Visit Business Insider's homepage for more stories . This is a developing story. Check back for updates. SEE ALSO: The coronavirus outbreak has triggered unprecedented mass layoffs and furloughs. Here are the major companies that have announced they are downsizing their workforces.",JAX,en,Business Insider
2020-04-24 15:25:00-05:00,A new study shows over 100 public companies got $550 million of federal loans intended for 'small businesses',"A report by S&P Global Market Intelligence found that 134 publicly traded companies got access to $550.6 million of loans available to ""small businesses"" via the federal stimulus package. Ashford Hospitality Trust claimed the largest Paycheck Protection Program (PPP) loan, of $30.1 million, followed by Meritage Hospitality Group, which claimed $29.1 million. The PPP program's $349 billion of aid for small businesses was exhausted by April 16, less than two weeks after it was rolled out. Visit Business Insider's homepage for more stories . A new report released by S&P Global Market Intelligence found that 134 publicly traded companies got access to $550.6 million of federal stimulus loans for small business. The report noted that Sen. Marco Rubio responded with a statement that his congressional committee would use subpoena power to conduct ""aggressive oversight"" of borrowers' certifications. In addition, the report stated that on April 23, ""the Treasury Department updated a guidance document to suggest that big public companies are unlikely to qualify for the loans."" Ashford Hospitality Trust claimed the largest PPP loan, of $30.1 million, followed by Meritage Hospitality Group, which claimed $29.1 million.",JAX,en,Business Insider
